Why does HwOneHopSdk display an error message when I edit code in the app ?
Could a non - resident receive payments for a product released in the Chinese mainland without having to open a bank account in China ?
How does the OAID value change happen ?
When I was about to submit my app media for review , it appears there 's a problem . Why ?
When could I get my revenue from my apps and games that have accessed the HuaweI IAP ?
Operation Step in use for HuaweI Preload
While an ability is in review , can it be tested ?
Why was Multi - Screen Collaboration launched , but the actual function did n't show up during the NFC test ?
Caas Kit Lite phone requirements .
Could you tell me what DevEco IDE is ?
Ways to join HUAWEI HiAI .
What is the procedure I have to follow to integrate the HuaweI Ads SDK ?
How may themes be uploaded ?
What purpose does HuaweI EMUI theme cooperation serve ?
How would I connect with the ecosystem via HuaweI Ability Gallery ?
Which libraries need to be imported when connecting to HuaweI IAP ?
Can developers monetize traffic with HuaweI Ads Kit ?
Do I need to have a disclaimer if I need to distribute apps in Mainland China ?
I want to call obtainOwnedPurchases API , when 's the best time ?
How to report data to AppsFlyer while using DTM ?
In what guides can you sign HuaweI AppTouch Joint Operations Service Agreement online ?
When is the expiration for the purchase token in the API system called by your server to check the validity of the purchase token ?
Is the DeviceVirtualization Kit dependent on the internet ?
HuaweI Themes Design Specification function
Why did the screen on my HuaweI device become black and I ca n't use it ?
What EMUI versions and phone models are required to use the activity recognition function ?
What is HuaweI EMUI Theme cooperation 's intended function ?
I 'd like to integrate games with IAP payments in APP TOUCH .
Why would you use CaaS Kit ?
In what ways does payment in the sandbox testing environment differ from payment for the formal environment test ?
How can I sign HuaweI HuaweI AppTouch Joint Operations Service Agreement ?
How can I protect my account ?
Should an ability be tested while it 's being reviewed ?
How do getVirtualDevicesList API and startDiscovery API differ ?
Ways to stop seeing personalized ads .
What are the UNK requirements when releasing an app outside China ?
Why do I see fewer services displayed than the account holder ?
Is the tool supported by multiple modules ?
I have got status code 10010 , 10011 , and 10012 , what does it mean when a function is called ?
Am I able to shift between landscape and portrait modes on a real device during debugging ?
How may I find HuaweI HiHealth Download Center ?
The query results , after writing multiple data with overlapping time intervals , do not match what has been written . What happened ?
Is it possible to use HuaweI Identity Kit but not integrate HuaweI Account Kit into my app ?
How should I fix error code 6 when the web API is called ?
How should I get a DUNS number ?
What are the statuses before and after the release of an app ?
What should I do to apply for permissions ?
What is the expiration date of the validity of the purchase token in the API called by your server to check the validity of the purchase token ?
Where may I find reported events ?
When the IAP function is enabled on the HuaweI console , a message is displayed , indicating that the merchant authentication fails and you need to contact the merchant representative . Why does this issue occur and what can I do ?
New app names have to end with @huawei.com to be integrated with HMS Core .
In what ways are the getVirtualDevicesList API and the startDiscovery API different ?
When will my invoice end ?
How to enlist in HUAWEI HiAI ?
Why do I get an UNK version immediately after removing version successfully on Cloud Hosting ?
What are the essentials for content rating ?
What files can be uploaded to Drive ?
What are the steps for naming an app ?
Ways to use apI console .
I 'm trying to avoid a conflict when I reference the android support library after integrating the BioAuthn - AndroidX SDK .
What are the directions in using DeviceVirtualization Kit ?
Can you show me where to download Huawei 's vendor contract ? may I have it stamped ?
Can ads be displayed on non - HuaweI or non - Honor phones ?
Can I improve the headset monitoring effect ?
Do I need merchant service ?
Can the app review process take a lot of time ?
Are there any format requirements for APKs that need to integrate Share Kit ?
What would I do if error code 907135003 is returned when I call HMS Core ( APK ) ?
The quick app report in HuaweI Developer is opened a number of times . What does it mean ?
When shall I be able to receive revenue from my apps or games that have accessed HuaweI Pay ?
Should you introduce AudioKit ?
While there is no preview , or if the preview blackscreens , what does it mean ?
I wish to integrate the Share Kit . What are the format requirements for APKs ?
What information do I need to provide to register an overseas app ?
What is the timeframe for integrating an ability to HUAWEI Ability Gallery ?
What will be the next step if the application for integrating DTM SDK 4.0.0.300 is rejected ?
When will my invoice become invalid ?
I want to stop seeing personalized ads .
What do I do to complain about a pirated app ?
UNK UNK heard about Joint Operation Services ?
If " Invalid Credentials " message is given when calling an API , what could I do next ?
How can I fix an app rejected due to virus issues ?
Am I capable of doing a signature verification without the SHA-256 certificate ?
What are the steps for creating a theme ?
How to register for a level 1 operation account ?
DTM supports AppsFlyer tags . If I 'm looking to report data to AppsFlyer while using DTM , do I need to integrate the AppsFlyer SDK locally ?
What kind of features are UNK OneHop ?
How am I supposed to make the system allow me to create a promotion task in the paid promotion service ?
Would HuaweI Location Kit be utilized on non - HuaweI phones ?
What makes me UNK to verify my identity ?
I want to top up and request for invoice using my level 1 account .
What types of files are okay to be uploaded to Drive ?
I have a level 1 account . How shall do I top up and request for invoice ?
How should I deal with an exception that occurs during HuaweI Awareness Kit call ?
How should I configure the activity link to the main page of an ability ? What is the link used for ?
I have multiple addresses , can I add them to HUAWEI Identity Kit ?
Are cross - platform IDEs capable of being used with HMS Core Toolkit ?
I would like to use devicevizualization kit . How may I do that ?
Which business partners can make use of HuaweI HiHealth platform ?
Why would you use Quick app ?
How may I download Huawei 's merchant contract ? am I allowed to have my contract stamped ?
How may you have HUAWEI Ads SDK integrated ?
I would like to use card abilities . How to utilize them ?
What is the reason for which there are fewer services displayed compared to the account holder ?
How do I improve the headset monitoring effect ?
How to register for a level 2 operation account ?
May I complain about pirated apps ? How to do that ?
How can a DUNS number be applied for ?
The signature algorithm for the app signature certificate is SHA1withRSA . Will this have any affect on my app ?
What are the concepts for displaying the product price and unit on a player 's mobile phone ? Based on the player 's location ?
Does my top - up amount take long to be credited to my account ?
Why is the version staying on Removing on Cloud Hosting ?
How do the rewarded videos work ?
The payment page can not be displayed on a non - HuaweI mobile phone , and error code 1 or 907135003 is returned . What could I do in this case ?
What is the function of CaaS Kit ?
Why ca n't I get automatic read permissions for SMS in HMS Core ( APK ) downloaded from Google Play ?
What is the UNK of " deeplink " in App Ability ?
Is it possible to change languages in Console after registering an account on the HuaweI Developer English site ?
I am using a HuaweI device , but the screen becomes black and I can not use it . What can I do to solve this problem ?
Can I gather different card abilities with a grid template ?
How is obtaining a high - precision location limited ?
What can I do if a message showing failure to connect to the server is displayed whilst I view achievements , leaderboards , or saved games in HuaweI Assistant ?
ICustomVariable and ICustomTag , how does it work ?
Why is the content of the old version still shown after I open the new version of the quick app ?
How do I enroll in HUAWEI HiAI ?
What types of files do Drive support ?
Will the apps I uploaded from non - Chinese developers be UNK on the Chinese version of the AppGallery client ?
UNK of using ICustomVariable and ICustomTag .
How to verify my identity ?
Will we have to wait long for the settlement sheet ?
What is the use of AppTouch ?
Where can I contact the account holder ?
How can I update themes ?
Do I need to learn how to integrate HMS SDK into my app so that it can use Drive capabilities ?
Sharing proportion , what does it do ?
What are the guides for creating a theme ?
I would like to use card abilities . How to do that ?
How to add on app and unit ?
Can users be guided to use the new feature ?
How could I change the company name ?
HuaweI AppTouch Channel Guide
What is the purpose of Card Ability ?
What should I do to not get Rejection : Lack of Disclaimer , Copyright Certificate or Computer Software Copyright Registration Document ?
How do you use DeviceVirtualization Kit ?
Can developers customize the integration of CaaS Kit Lite service to meet UX requirements ?
When running a test , how many device models could I select ?
How to improve the headset monitoring effect ?
Could I issue advertising invoices if I do n't have the necessary credentials ?
I do n't have my own AI model , how would I leverage HuaweI device ’s AI capabilities ?
Can you tell me who can enable a Team account ?
As a developer , what do I need to do to edit authorization status of client accounts ?
Can a developer deal with an app rejected due to virus issues ?
Explain HuaweI Watch Face Design Specification .
How are quick apps and abilities different ?
What purpose does HuaweI Watch Face Design Specification serve ?
I 'd like to fix " HiHealthError . ERR_SCOPE_EXCEPTION " ?
How UNK do the Drive functions depend on HuaweI ID ?
Meaning of app ability deeplink
How may I update themes ?
How can I fix r-classes.jar conflicts ?
Can ability cards redirect users ?
How should I top up ?
What does " deeplink " mean in App Ability ?
Must app icons , screenshots , names , versions , features , and other app information have consistency with the audited app information ?
Am I allowed to change the identity verification information that is under review ?
What should I do when signature verification fails ?
What is the next step when you get an error in your transaction stating that it is rejected and may try again later when using a bank card to pay for a transaction on the client ?
Would you get an empty result with getDeviceList ?
Error code 50005 is returned to indicate an unknown authentication error when calling an API . What should I do ?
How long would a testing task take ?
DevEco IDE , what is it ?
What is the UNK version of HuaweI AppGallery with quick apps ?
Would I be able to access App Ability in HuaweI web browser ?
When could I receive revenue from my apps or games that have accessed the HuaweI IAP ?
What are the specifications for naming an app ?
What would a developer do if an app is not accepted because of viruses ?
What is the UNK UNK reason for app rejection ?
Is it possible to get Code - Samples of HuaweI HiHealth ?
How do I get to Theme Service Specification ?
Why can TransFile not send files ?
App Ability function
How do I know the cause the version stays on Releasing on Cloud Hosting ?
Where can I see the policies of HuaweI Ads ?
Can HuaweI Ability Gallery collect data from apps ?
Would developers customize the integration of CaaS Kit Lite service to meet UX requirements ?
How should I use DeviceVirtualization Kit ?
Ways to fix error 50005 .
What should HuaweI Cast+ Kit do ?
How can I change to another language in IDE ?
When could I see and download bills ?
Could I make a signing certificate change during app version update ?
What UNK an individual developer from an enterprise one ?
Can you define Team account ?
How am I able to manage team accounts ?
Where to download SDK from ?
When can we expect the settlement sheet ?
What are the directions in viewing and exporting reports of revenue ?
Is it necessary for me to have a disclaimer if I 'd like to distribute apps in Mainland China ?
How long will I have to wait for HuaweI Developers to review my documents ?
The payment page can not be displayed on a non - HuaweI mobile phone , and error code 1 or 907135003 is returned . What could be done in this case ?
How could I get HuaweI AppTouch Channel Guide ?
Where do I check service country / region ?
Can a related card ability be left intact while doing a quick app upgrade in HuaweI AppGallery ?
Ways to make a new theme .
The algorithm for the signature certificate of my app is SHA1withRSA . Would I be able to use it ?
How to design themes ?
What would I do if I get error code 907135003 when I call HMS Core ( APK ) ?
Can the Bluetooth on my phone detect a Bluetooth headset if it is not enabled ?
Where shall I be able to read about the process of settlement ?
When I compile XMS adapter code separately , HMS Core Toolkit displays a message indicating that I do not have static or dynamic permissions . What should I do ?
Could a test be done on an ability that is being reviewed ?
Why are some apps on HuaweI AppTouch , despite failing to comply to its standards , while mine is rejected ?
I need to verify my identity .
Will there be any fees if non - subscriptions are purchased in the sandbox testing environment ?
What should I do if after creating version successfully on Cloud Hosting , the version remains unchanged ?
Is there a guideline to transfer the app from Account A to Account B ?
May several apps use the DV kit simultaneously ?
What are the regulations for calculating the storage space on Cloud Hosting ?
How can HUAWEI Ability Gallery decide which services a user intent gets ?
What are the phone specifications for the usage of CaaS UNK Lite ?
I 've been trying to submit tests but it 's blocked , what could be the problem ?
I want to check whether my smartphone supports the NPU .
What are the UNK on using FIDO2 ?
I ca n't locate the data in the event analysIs report for the day HuaweI Analytics Kit was integrated in my app , why should that be the case ?
How come a code can not discover other devices but can run during development and debugging ?
What is the size limit of cache files of a quick app ?
Shall a signature be verified on the server ?
Why are some non compliant apps still on HuaweI AppTouch , while mine has been rejected ?
Define HuaweI Cloud Testing .
How will I find my device 's basic information while Settings is shielded for the Cloud Debugging ?
I am trying to verify my identity .
If the signature algorithm of the app signature certificate is SHA1withRSA , will this impact the app in any ways ?
What are the prerequisites of HuaweI Identity Kit for mobile phones and software ?
When the files are stored in Drive , are they encrypted ?
Operation Guideline used for HuaweI Preload
Is submitting my app a requirement when UNK Abilities on HuaweI Ability Gallery ?
In the API called by your server to check the validity of the purchase token , when is the purchase token considered invalid ?
How should I select between sync or async APIs ?
How many hours will I have to wait for HuaweI Developer to review my documents ?
I 'd like to submit an app for review .
I would like to modify some settings of my remote device and test my app . However , when I open settings on my device , settings exits unexpectedly . Why does this happen ?
Can I access HuaweI Account Kit to allow users to sign in to my app using their HuaweI IDs even if I have my own account management service ?
Why can not I set a new password in Cast+ Kit ?
Is more than one module supported by the tool ?
Shall Quick App Center be automatically upgraded when a new version is available ?
Does HMS UNK support automatic download of the AppGallery Connect configuration file from AppGallery Connect to a project directory ?
Why ca n't I invoke the API ?
I need to learn how to use the tool for conversion of Firebase services .
Would I be able to use non - HuaweI phones for testing ?
How can you introduce AudioKit ?
Why does account holder display more services ?
Could the company information be edited ?
If error code 907135702 appears when connecting to HMS Core , what should I do next ?
Is Quick App Center automatically upgraded when a new version is available ?
What are the guides in installing HMS Core Toolkit ?
Am I allowed to revise the disclaimer for an app to be released in Mainland China ?
I UNK that there are fewer services displayed compared to the account holder , why ?
How can I release Quick Game ?
Means to use Customer Service .
Can you have more than one geofence ?
How can I prove myself ?
I have uploaded an app using account a , and then uploaded the same app using account b , and the system prompts me that the app package name exists / Is duplicate . What can I do ?
Can HuaweI HiAI Engine be introduced ?
Where could I find my bank information ?
Could a link 's function be modified , for a link connecting to the main page of an ability ? What is the function of the link ?
How can I use my own AI model ?
What should I do if a 6003 error occurs when I try to connect to HMS Core ?
Should you launch HuaweI Themes ?
Should I be able to issue advertising invoices if I do n't have the necessary credentials ?
Where am I able to get quick app IDE ?
How would I be able to make the system allow me to create a promotion task in the paid promotion service ?
How am I able to access HuaweI AppTouch Channel Guide ?
What is the network port priority that HuaweI Cast+ Kit uses to obtain a device IP address ?
I want to change languages in console after creating an account on the HuaweI Developer English site .
UNK though I successfully deleted site on Cloud Hosting , the version remains unchanged .
Can you tell me the AppGallery Review Guidelines ?
Ways to find my app ID .
Are HuaweI Game Service and AppGalleryKit Game UNK different ?
How may I edit the basic information ?
Does HuaweI Ability Gallery join together data from apps ?
What are the guidelines to release Quick Game ?
I 'm trying to find the AppGallery Review Guidelines .
Would I be able to collect different card abilities with a grid template ?
I have registered my account on the HuaweI Developer English site , can I switch languages in Console ?
May changes in APK signature upgrade my app ?
How can I check the comments of the users of my app ?
Team account function
What do you call the number of quick app reports opened in HuaweI Developer ?
What should I do if my testing task is stuck in a queue ?
I 'd like to report data to AppsFlyer while using DTM .
Ways to oversee ads .
What UNK does an OAID have ?
What is the relationship between HuaweI Game Service and AppGalleryKit Game ?
Share Kit function
How can I change the company information ?
Why would you use HuaweI Cloud Testing ?
Is the user meant to log in to my app using a HuaweI ID ? should other accounts be used ?
Can you tell me if there are any input requirements for DMSDP virtualization service ?
New app names ( ending with @huawei.com ) are required for the integration with HMS Core .
Why am I getting error uploading more than 5 screenshots in developer console ?
How do I enable a team account ?
How long can the authorization code obtained by using the account.authorize ( ) API be used for ?
What are the differences in the OAID when it is obtained by integrating the SDK and by calling the AIDL API ?
Is there anything to be done if your test is being executed ?
What is HuaweI Ads ' intended function ?
Am I able to complete the verification process if I do n't have access to the phone numbers of the location I selected ?
What do business partners have to do after UNK user data ?
What are the ways to get Code - Samples for HuaweI HiHealth ?
What is the definition of the number of times that a quick app report is started in HuaweI Developer ?
How do I avoid the settings from crashing when I modify my remote device and test my app ?
What can I do if a message showing failure to connect to the server is displayed when I view achievements , leaderboards , or saved games in HuaweI Assistant ?
Why is TransFile not UNK files ?
How can I make use of merchant service ?
Why is it warning me that the name of the APK I 'm uploading is already in use ?
For how long is the authorization code gathered using the account.authorize ( ) API valid ?
What restrictions are there on maximum payments in HuaweI IAP ?
App approval is released , but I still ca n't find the app on the AppGallery . Why is that ?
How could I change the sign in account ?
What is HuaweI Ads intended for ?
Can the public payment key be shown on the app ?
What are the possible ways to have your app approval go as smoothly as possible ?
How would I calculate the storage space on Cloud Hosting ?
HuaweI Ads meaning
Could the app name be changed ?
In what case the OAID value of a device will change ?
Are there any qualifications the service makes on the running environment ?
What functions does HuaweI AR have ?
How do I become a member account ?
Are more than two modules supported by the tool ?
What port is used when obtaining a device 's IP address with HuaweI Cast+ Kit ?
How come the real - time heart rate data and RRI data are not continuous ?
If the product price and unit on a player 's mobile phone needs to be displayed , what are the principles ? Will it be based on the location of the player ?
How could I improve the headset monitoring effect ?
Would I be able to do signature verification without the SHA-256 certificate ?
What are the steps for sharing my app ?
My configurations are correct , but I 'm getting a " 400 bad request invalidArgument " message , why ?
How can services and their orders in HuaweI Assistant be changed ?
How is getting a high - precision location limited ?
To connect to HuaweI IAP , which libraries are required ?
Can fees be charged when non - subscription purchases are made in the sandbox testing environment ?
Is there an additional price for using Cloud Debugging ?
What UNK of card dimensions are considered normal ?
Who can make a Team account enabled ?
How may I know the difference in modes of CameraKit ?
I ca n't present my app media for review , can you tell me why ?
What UNK of phones can support HuaweI AR Engine ?
I want to publish a new app .
Does an OAID reset automatically take effect on all of my devices or not ?
Who among the developer environments can support API ?
When shall I be able to view and download bills ?
Could client accounts be handled by level 2 account users ?
What is Quick game 's intended function ?
Could I register multiple accounts with the same phone number or email address ?
Reasons for Rejection : Lack of Disclaimer , Copyright Certificate or Computer Software Copyright Registration Document .
Should I wait long for my top - up amount to be credited to my account ?
What should I do to set a new password in Cast+ Kit ?
What are the troubleshooting guidelines when there is no preview , or if the preview blackscreens ?
Is a privacy policy link mandatory for developers UNK to release an app outside China ?
UNK the purchase token verification process , can I request access tokens without any restrictions ?
My location is not in the list when I try to verify my identity . What could I do ?
How to improve the activity recognition success rate ?
What are the guidelines in using DeviceVirtualization Kit ?
Can you explain what NFC is ?
Data on the day HuaweI Analytics Kit is integrated into my app can not be found in the events analysIs report , why is it ?
In Cast+ Kit , how to change my password ?
Do I need to learn how to use registerOneHop ( ) before invoking other APIs ?
If I were to release security - based apps outside China , are there any limitations ?
A display message is asking me to download the APK when I use the HMS SDK to access HuaweI account kit on a mobile phone without hms core ( APK ) . How would I be able to make my app support sign - in with HuaweI ID even without downloading the APK ?
Can a theme package be distributed simultaneously to Mainland China and other regions ?
Which awareness capabilities are required for cloud capabilities ?
Explain Content Ability .
What version is the HMS Core ( APK ) ?
Would the Bluetooth on my phone detect a Bluetooth headset if it is disabled ?
What should I do before using the merchant service ?
UNK there a development guide for HuaweI AR ?
How long does AppGallery Connect support comments for ?
How can I get development guide for HuaweI AR ?
Can I gather other card abilities with a grid template ?
Would the merchant service be enabled if the location of identity verification is not the same as the location of the company ’s public account ?
The code can not discover other devices , but it can run during development and debugging . Why ?
Can business partners contact HuaweI for cooperation ?
Cloud Debugging meaning
Are there any restrictions when a security - based app is released outside China ?
Could there be a category added when creating an ability ?
What can be done with HuaweI AR ?
What time could I get the top - up invoice for this month ?
What is necessitated for the documents submitted ?
What are the qualifications on using FIDO2 ?
What restrictions are there in using FIDO2 ?
Could I test an ability that is being reviewed ?
I need to learn how to use HuaweI QuickApp IDE .
Was the revenue laid out in the report on the HuaweI Ads Publisher Console the amount after or before revenue sharing ?
Using my level 1 operation account , how would I be able to manage funds ?
When adding money to the promotion account , can the names of the bank account used and verified company name be different ?
What could I do when an empty response body is always returned when calling the read method of DataManager or DataController ?
How to handle ad unit ?
How do I look at the operations data ?
What will differentiate using a HuaweI ID to sign in to a non - game app with using a HuaweI ID to sign in to a game app ?
Are HMS Core ( APK ) downloaded from Google Play having issues getting automatic read permissions for SMS ?
What requirements does the service need from the running environment ?
May I use my level 1 operation account to handle a client account ?
What am I able to do to enhance the activity recognition success rate ?
Why am I UNK that the name of the APK I 'm uploading is already in use ?
After changing the APK package name , could I still use it to update the corresponding application ?
Why is it saying my app gets rejected ?
Why do I have to verify my identity ?
Could an OAID reset work on all of a user 's devices ?
What distinctions are there between Authorization Code - based integration and ID Token - based integration ?
What number of device models may I select when running a test ?
After creating version successfully , why is the version still unchanged ?
Could the identity verification information that is under review be revised ?
After changing the APK package name , can I still use it to update the corresponding application ?
Why do I get warning code 60055 returned when the app calls the createPurchaseIntentWithPrice API ?
For the integration with HMS Core new app names ( ending with @huawei.com ) are required .
I seek to reset my password .
What am I supposed to do if my testing task is stuck in a queue ?
How do I configure the activity link to the main page of an ability ? What is the function of the link ?
What am I allowed to do with unused funds in my advertiser account ?
For how long is the permission code collected using the account.authorize ( ) API valid ?
How do I get to Huawei 's Theme Service Specification ?
How would I submit an app for review ?
How would I be able to get a HuaweI AR development guide ?
Do I have to pay for cloud debugging ?
Means to analyze ad effectiveness ?
How am I able to see my app in HuaweI store ?
Are there any restrictions if I were to release security - based apps outside China ?
Can the name of a quick game package be the same as that of an online game package ?
Can a developer release an app outside of China without providing a privacy policy link ?
Can I transfer apps to another developer account ?
Ways to analyze ad effectiveness ? .
I want to receive the ability statistics through the developer portal .
Why is it not letting me submit tests ?
What function does the AppGallery badge service provide ?
Would the CaaS Kit Lite utilize the video data as the source for video calls ?
Would you tell us about HuaweI HiAI Engine ?
How can you view and export reports of revenue ?
How could I integrate the HuaweI Ads SDK ?
What are the functions of HuaweI AR ?
When could I use merchant service ?
What can I do to view and download the service agreement ?
Should I receive revenue from my apps or games that have accessed HuaweI Pay ?
When error code 1 or 907135003 is returned it means that the payment page can not be displayed on a non - HuaweI mobile phone . What do I want to do in this case ?
I want to fix slow or unsuccessful recognition of planes .
I 'm trying to alter the company name . Can you help me ?
When applying for paid promotion tests for apps / games , what details are required ?
Can a level 1 operation account be used to manage a client account ?
Is .huawei the required ending to operation apps ?
Shall a free subscription be used for a while ?
What shall be done if the current capabilities of HuaweI Awareness Kit can not meet my requirements ?
How to integrate the HuaweI Ads SDK ?
I got unable to access the hosted static page while version in Released state on Cloud Hosting . What do I do now ?
How are rewarded videos different from regular videos ?
What conditions are there before and after the release of an app ?
How does quick app IDE work ?
Can the merchant service 's contact information be updated ?
Are the members qualified for UNK ?
How am I supposed to see my app in HuaweI store ?
What is the geofence 's recommended radius ?
What should I do if r-classes.jar conflict occurs ?
How to spot the differences between HuaweI Game Service and AppGalleryKit Game ?
When data reporting fails and the server returns error code 402 , what could I do next ?
Can AppGallery Connect support comments for more than 30 days at a time ?
What should I do if I ca n't find my location when trying to have my identity verified ?
What should I do to get my HUAWEI 's merchant contract ? am I allowed to have it stamped ?
Do NFC tags need to be handled by app developers ?
Can I pick multiple sizes when creating an ad unit ?
Why do I get " HiHealthError . ERR_SCOPE_EXCEPTION " ?
In what ways do the sandbox testing environment and the formal environment test differ from each other in payment ?
Which requirements are there for HuaweI Identity Kit to work on mobile phones and software ?
How can I get a DUNS number ?
Is there a limit on the number of geofences ?
How long is the authorization code achieved using the account.authorize ( ) API valid for ?
Why it is returning " HiHealthError . ERR_SCOPE_EXCEPTION " ?
What do I need to know about the sharing proportion ?
Are there any differences between abilities and quick apps ?
Could you distribute a theme package to Mainland China and other countries at the same time ?
What may I do if a 6003 error occurs when I connect to HMS core ?
Can you tell me the differences between abilities and quick apps ?
Could I sign a joint operations service agreement ?
What shall I do to protect my account ?
From what period of time can you view comments stored in AppGallery Connect ?
If I do not have the credentials for issuing advertising invoices such as for advertising service fees and advertising fees , what shall I do ?
Can you tell me what DeviceVirtualization Kit is used for ?
My app on http://app.hicloud.com can not be found , what could be the problem ?
What specifications should a phone have to be able to use Caas Kit Lite ?
Is there a guide to transfer the app from Account A to Account B ?
What is the earliest version of HuaweI AppGallery you can find quick apps in ?
Why is n't GetAvailableDevice obtaining any devices ?
Does HMS Core Toolkit support cross - platform IDE , for UNK , Flutter or Xamarin ?
Is this the only one payment UI available ? Is there any different payment UI available ?
What will prove my identity ?
Why do I get error code 60055 returned when the app calls the createPurchaseIntentWithPrice API ?
When should I call init API for initialization after starting a game ?
I 'd like to access third - party services or apps in the HuaweI Health app .
What am I supposed to do if my test is being executed ?
Can you explain what HuaweI Ads Publisher is ?
What would the format of an OAID be ?
What can I do to enhance the activity recognition success rate ?
How can I find my bank information ?
How should I use AudioKit ?
How should I cancel my HuaweI ID ?
What is the difference between the getVirtualDevicesList API and the startDiscovery API ?
If the application for integrating DTM SDK 4.0.0.300 was turned down , what am I supposed to do next ?
Why am I unable to upload more than 5 screenshots in developer console ?
How would I establish joint operations ?
When can I get my revenue from my apps and games that have accessed the HuaweI IAP ?
How does HuaweI Ads Publisher work ?
How can I access quick app IDE ?
The signature algorithm of the app signature certificate is SHA1withRSA . Does this have any impact on the app ?
How to hide personalized ads ?
What is the prerequisites for UNK ?
How can I resolve error code 502 ?
Why am I getting a different price specified by amount compared to the actual price when the createPurchaseIntentWithPrice API is called for payment ?
How may I acquire SDK and Shell Tools ?
Can you tell me what HuaweI Cast+ Kit is used for ?
New app names are required to end with @huawei.com to integrate with HMS Core .
Shall a joint operations service agreement be signed ?
Should I be able to separately adjust the version numbers of the quick app and the card engine ?
Do developers handle NFC tags ?
Do I need to have a disclaimer if I wish to distribute apps in Mainland China ?
I 'm trying to stop " null " return when the user makes the query and tries to read data .
How would I be able to fix common signature verification problems ?
What is required in order to integrate the HUAWEI Ads SDK ?
Can I choose the services or change the order of the services in HuaweI Assistant ?
What must be done for the documents submitted ?
What detail is required when registering an overseas app ?
What purpose does HMS Core Toolkit serve ?
I would like to use my own AI model . How may I do that ?
Are rewarded ads an option in landscape orientation ?
How is my identity verified ?
How am I supposed to change to another language in IDE ?
What are merchant service 's prerequisites ?
What 's the default value of a card 's width ?
What does HUAWEI Ability Gallery use to determine which services to present to a user intent ?
Am I able to customize my user role ?
What are the payments required to release an app ?
Can there be any difference between the name of the bank account used to add money to the promotion account and the verified company name ?
Define Team account .
Where am I able to get the operations report about the quick app since its release ?
Can there be a revision of the category of my app / game after it has been released ?
When the app calls for the createPurchaseIntentWithPrice API , why do I get error code 60055 ?
I am unable to create new version while version is in Releasing state on Cloud Hosting .
Can one account be used for debugging on multiple devices at the same time ?
How do I fix a 6003 error connecting to HMS core ?
What is the requirements for the content rating ?
How to avoid " null " return when the user makes the query and tries to read data ?
UNK using a HuaweI ID to sign in to a non - game app and using a HuaweI ID to sign in to a game app . What are the differences ?
How is ad effectiveness analyzed ?
What can I do if I can not find my bank information on the merchant service page ?
Operation Step connected to HuaweI Preload
I have to check whether my smartphone supports the NPU ?
How do I query which capabilities the kit supports ?
Which events are sent to HuaweI Analytics ?
How can I change my role and permissions ?
Do I want to have an internet connection for using the DeviceVirtualization Kit ?
How does HuaweI Themes Design Specification work ?
Can a quick app background account be used in HuaweI background ?
How can I change my signing certificate ?
May I sign a joint operations service agreement ?
What are the steps to integrate the HUAWEI Ads SDK ?
May I modify the disclaimer for an app to be launched in Mainland China ?
Can the tool be used to convert Firebase services ?
Is it required to sign a joint operations service agreement required ?
How should I be able to view the version of HMS Core ( APK ) ?
What service does the AppGallery badge provide ?
What can I do when signature verification fails ?
Can level 2 account users handle client accounts ?
How may I check service country / region ?
What is the restriction limit on maximum payment amounts in HuaweI IAP ?
How am I able to check the names of the app IDs and app packages ?
How can I get the Ability statistics through the developer portal ?
What can I do to get quick app IDE ?
How to check the basic information about my device since Settings is shielded for the Cloud Debugging ?
What is the timeframe to integrate an ability to HUAWEI Ability Gallery ?
How may I use DeviceVirtualization Kit ?
I 'm trying to find my app ID . Where can I find it ?
When data reporting fails and the server returns error code 402 , what can I do next ?
Does HuaweI help APK extension files supported by Google Play Store ?
Should we integrate HMS SDK with my app so Drive capabilities can be used ?
Am I able to give only one invoice for multiple settlement sheets ?
What happens if you use the functions provided by HuaweI Identity Kit without signing in with a HuaweI ID ?
For how long is the purchase token valid in the API called by your server to check the validity of the purchase token ?
Why ca n't I create a new version while version is in Releasing state on Cloud Hosting ?
How would I be able to view the version of HMS Core ( APK ) ?
What is wrong when there is no preview , or if the preview blackscreens ?
Am I supposed to make ConfirmRecvFile able to receive files ?
How should I sign up for an account ?
Would an individual developer activate the payment service ?
Could I do an app transfer ?
Could HuaweI Themes be introduced ?
Is the tool supported only by a single module ?
How may I view my app in HuaweI store ?
How can I change languages in console after creating an account on the HuaweI Developer English site ?
Why do I get error code -1 returned when the app calls the createPurchaseIntentWithPrice API ?
How would I be able to get a member account ?
Can the HuaweI Kits ' APIs be identified by tool - based conversion ?
Which phones are able to run HuaweI AR Engine ?
Is there any specific requirement of HuaweI Identity Kit for mobile phones and services ?
Why is automatic read permissions for SMS with HMS Core ( APK ) downloaded from Google Play is not working on my phone ?
Why is the content of the old version still UNK after I open the new version of the quick app ?
How are themes updated ?
What is the use of paid promotion ?
Which business partners can access the HuaweI HiHealth platform ?
Have you got HuaweI AR development guide ?
Are Flutter , Xamarin and other cross - platform IDEs compatible with HMS Core Toolkit ?
Ways to apply for settlement .
What is the function of Quick app ?
What is the purpose of DeviceVirtualization Kit ?
How am I able to change the basic information ?
How may I make my app support sign - in with HuaweI ID without downloading the APK when I use the HMS SDK to access HuaweI account kit on a mobile phone without hms core ( APK ) , i 'll see a message , asking me to download the APK ?
Can I switch between landscape and portrait modes on a real device during debugging ?
Do geofences have a number limit ?
May CaaS Kit Lite use video data as the video source for video calls ? Are there any data restrictions ?
Which of the events can I find HuaweI Analytics ?
Which security measures does HuaweI AppTouch have listed ?
Why can not I change the version right after deleting site successfully on Cloud Hosting ?
Are there requirements on permission configurations for the use of DeviceVirtualization Kit ?
What permissions are compulsory to apply for ?
Am I able to update my app if I modify the APK signature ?
Why do I see the content of the old version still displayed after I open the new version of the quick app ?
Supported Unity releases
What are the steps in the process of settlement ?
When can I receive revenue from my apps or games that have accessed HuaweI IAP ?
Can an online game package 's name be the same as a quick game package 's ?
Where can I access quick app IDE ?
What do I do if the system tells me the app package name exists after having uploaded the same app from two different accounts ?
How do I sign up for an account ?
Is the HMS SDK integration into my app required so that it can use Drive capabilities ?
Does each developed card need to have a separately UNK RPK package ?
How do I choose the services or change the order of the services in HuaweI Assistant ?
Where should I be able to see the policies of HuaweI ads ?
Why how come I ca n't see any data on the app debugging page after HuaweI Analytics Kit is integrated ?
How are services presented to a user by HUAWEI Ability Gallery UNK ?
I see fewer services displayed compared to the account holder , why ?
What southbound devices are possible to use ?
Why is it UNK me that the name of the APK I 'm uploading is already in use ?
I 'd like to transform dp and sp into px .
How may I change the basic information ?
Where can I resolve errors that happen during HuaweI Awareness Kit call ?
I need to learn how to design themes .
I got unable to access the hosted static page while version in Released state on Cloud Hosting . Why ?
How to avoid Rejection : Lack of Disclaimer , Copyright Certificate or Computer Software Copyright Registration Document ?
Could I use a credit card to top up a paid promotion account ?
What would I use App Ability for ?
Do I have to configure a result callback address ?
I need to integrate HuaweI Cast+ Kit . What are the format requirements for APKs ?
The algorithm for the signature certificate of my app is SHA1withRSA . Should I be able to use it ?
Why did not my app pass the review ?
Am I allowed to use the tool to convert Firebase services ?
Where to download HuaweI Themes Tool ?
What process does the HUAWEI Ability Gallery use to find services to present to a user intent ?
Why ca n't I send files through TransFile ?
May a category be added when creating an ability ?
Give me all the Unity versions that are supported .
How do developers get paid ?
Am I able to use a free subscription for a certain time ?
In the context of App Ability , what does " deeplink " mean ?
How many team members are allowed on my team ?
What are the standards for calculating the storage space on Cloud Hosting ?
What does status code 10010 , 10011 , and 10012 mean when a function is called ?
Can an alias be placed and shown on the AppGallery client ?
What is the purpose of HuaweI Ads Publisher ?
Are software similar to Flutter and Xamarin supported by HMS Core Toolkit ?
What could I do if a message indicating error to connect to the server is displayed when I view achievements , leaderboards , or saved games in HuaweI Assistant ?
Will the members be invited ?
Quick app IDE meaning
IDE supports which programming languages ?
What may be done if a site can not be reached on Cloud Hosting ?
Can HuaweI HiHealth be introduced ?
Is there a consequence if the user UNK to use the functions given by HUAWEI Identity Kit but did not sign in using HUAWEI ID ?
Is the user meant to log in to my app using a HuaweI ID ? How can other accounts be used ?
6003 error pops up when trying to connect to HMS Core , what should I do ?
I want to create a theme . How to do that ?
May I manage a client account using my level 1 operation account ?
ConfirmRecvFile wo n't receive files . What should I do ?
Which Unity version are UNK by support ?
What is the procedure to know access_token and refresh_token total length ?
Can I get help in paid themes ?
Where am I able to see the policies of HuaweI ads ?
Why am I seeing the error message " Application package name provided by un - trusted source " when trying to create data ?
How am I capable of get a member account ?
What are the restrictions on the number of geo - fences on HuaweI Awareness Kit ?
Do I want to submit my app to release Abilities on HuaweI Ability Gallery ?
Could I edit the permissions granted to my role ?
UNK is in Releasing state on Cloud Hosting , ca n't create a new version .
What modification is there in the OAID when it is obtained by integrating the SDK and by calling the AIDL API ?
How should I use HiAI foundation tool ?
What data is required when registering an overseas app ?
Can the DV kit be used at the same time by multiple apps ?
Could one invoice be issued for multiple settlement sheets ?
Can I change the classification after the app / game is released ?
How much do I need to pay for cloud debugging ?
As long as the version is in Released state on Cloud Hosting , unable to access the hosted static page .
Can I get rewarded ads in landscape orientation ?
May I register numerous accounts with the same phone number or email address ?
Could I switch between landscape and portrait modes during debugging ?
Can you tell me what is AppTouch used for ?
In order for cloud capabilities , which awareness capabilities are required ?
What are the steps to report data to AppsFlyer with DTM ?
How many addresses can a user have for HUAWEI Identity Kit ?
How to use unused funds in my advertiser account ?
What are the rules for setting passwords in Cast+ Kit ?
How can you introduce HuaweI HiHealth ?
I need to determine the correct tax qualification .
I need to learn how to choose tax qualifications .
What am I supposed to do when I get the message on the HuaweI console that the merchant authentication fails and I need to contact the merchant representative ?
What are the security regulations of HuaweI AppTouch ?
What may I do if the version does n't change as soon as I create version successfully on Cloud Hosting ?
Is the conversion environment capable of UNK any AI model into HiAI models ?
What are the steps I need to take to view my app in HuaweI store ?
Why would you use AppTouch ?
Means to find the HMS menu on the HMS Core ToolKit plugin ?
If I 'm a user , how will HUAWEI Ability Gallery know what to present me with ?
Code can not discover devices , but runs during development and debugging . Why ?
Can I confirm if Quick App Center will be automatically upgraded when a new version is available ?
When do I need merchant service ?
Is an internet connection mandatory if I want to use the DeviceVirtualization Kit ?
When connecting to HuaweI IAP , which libraries do I need to import ?
I 'm trying to set font - weight .
Can HuaweI Ads Kit be used by developers to monetize traffic ?
Can error 60055 repeat during testing ?
What is done to user data after it 's sent to business partners ?
Why are the real - time heart rate data and RRI data UNK ?
What is required to apply for permissions ?
Why are Quick App Scenarios UNK ?
Should an alias be set and displayed on the AppGallery client ?
Can you tell me how operations data of a released ability can be viewed ?
Is the UNK shown in the report on the HuaweI Ads Publisher Console the amount after or before revenue sharing ?
I have uploaded an app using account A , and then uploaded the same app using account B , and the system prompts me that the app package name exists / Is duplicate . What should I do ?
Ways to enable the merchant service .
Is .huawei the mandatory ending for joint operation apps ?
What can I do to solve faults that UNK during HuaweI Awareness Kit ?
For paid promotion tests for apps / games , what detail is required when applying ?
Can you explain what HuaweI EMUI theme cooperation is ?
What should I do if error code 907135702 appears when connecting to HMS Core ?
I 'm trying to configure the function of compiling a project with multiple app packages .
How long is the authorization code obtained using the account.authorize ( ) API valid for ?
I wish to calculate the storage space on Cloud Hosting .
How do developers gain financially ?
Could you introduce AudioKit ?
I want to learn how to get HuaweI Themes .
Could traffic be monetized by developers with HuaweI Ads Kit ?
Where can I set font weight ?
Could I switch between landscape and portrait modes on a real device during debugging ?
How long would I wait to receive the verification code during HuaweI registration ?
Should the app review process take too long ?
I want information about Ad Slots .
Can you define Content Ability ?
What shall be done if I have n't received payment from HuaweI 30 days after the settlement sheet has been confirmed ?
What is required for the documents submitted ?
SHA1withRSA is the algorithm for the signature certificate of my app . Could I use it ?
NFC meaning
When will I see my top - up amount applied to my account ?
As long as the version is in Releasing state on Cloud Hosting , not being able to create new version .
Once they get user data , what do business partners do with it ?
What is the function of Content Ability ?
How can I switch off personalized ads ?
Why has ConfirmRecvFile failed to receive files ?
Could you tell me the uses of the resolutions in getCameraInfo and getCameraParameters ?
What will I do when the HMS Core Toolkit displays a message indicating that I do not have static or dynamic permissions when I compile the XMS adapter code separately ?
Why are many tests submitted blocked ?
What is the reason for which I ca n't call the API ?
Is there a difference between an individual developer and an enterprise developer ?
If the signature is confirmed invalid on the server 's side , what may I do ?
Define Share Kit .
How can I use HiAI foundation tool ?
Could the server execute a signature verification ?
How can I get help in paid themes ?
Where do I UNK personalized ads ?
How should I redeem leftover funds in my advertiser account ?
The code runs during development and debugging , but does not discover other devices ?
What should I do next when the HMS Core Toolkit displays a message indicating that I do not have static or dynamic permissions when I compile the XMS adapter code separately ?
UNK geofences , is there a number limit ?
How may I know the statuses before and after the release of an app ?
Can I upload the same app from two different accounts without getting the system message that the package name exists / Is duplicate ?
The signature algorithm for the app signature certificate is SHA1withRSA . Shall this affect my app ?
Does the AppGallery badge service provide a lot of functions ?
Why is " null " always given when the user is making the query and trying to read data ?
What measures should be take if a site on Cloud Hosting is inaccessible ?
Could I configure a result callback address ?
What information about Ad Slots is there ?
How to access third - party services or apps in the HuaweI Health app ?
Are the signature and signature verification algorithms different in any way ?
Can I check service country / region ?
How should I complain about pirated apps ?
Can you offer HuaweI HiAI Engine ?
How to develop your quick app ?
What are the differences between signature algorithm and signature verification algorithm , if any ?
When am I able to get the top - up invoice for this month ?
What are the terms on using FIDO2 ?
I 'm trying to set up joint operations .
Is it possible to get information about Ad Slots ?
What can I do if I ca n't receive the verification code when registering a HuaweI ID ?
Ways to manage ad unit .
How to use HuaweI Ability Gallery to interact with the ecosystem ?
I 'm trying to modify some settings of my remote device and test my app . However , when I open settings on my device , settings exits unexpectedly . Why does this problem occur ?
I would like to use card abilities . How do I do that ?
I 'm looking to get HuaweI Themes Tool .
What should I do to view and download the service agreement ?
Should init API be executed when starting a game ?
A team can have how many members ?
Is a privacy statement mandatory ? How do I go about preparing and releasing the privacy statement ?
How would I update themes ?
Should I be able to do signature verification without the SHA-256 certificate ?
What are the guidelines in using card abilities ?
Where are ability cards users be taken to ?
Should developers provide a privacy policy link for an app if they want to release it outside China ?
Where may I access the service agreement ?
How can I change my signing certificate ?
What purpose does HuaweI Ads Publisher serve ?
How do I contact the account holder ?
What can be done if the app is not listed on http://app.hicloud.com ?
If the request for a rewarded ad fails , what steps should I take on the media client ?
What is the maximum length of the IAP public key received on the console ?
Of the awareness capabilities , which require cloud capabilities ?
Could I access HuaweI Account Kit to let users sign in to my app using their HuaweI IDs even if I have my own account management service ?
Why is it saying I can not find my bank information on the merchant service page ?
How do I know if a file is encrypted or not in Drive ?
What differences are there in individual developers and enterprise developers ?
Can HuaweI Awareness Kit be used with a smart watch ?
What 's hindering me from uploading more than 5 screenshots in developer console ?
Does DeviceVirtualization Kit support HuaweI phones only ?
What is the process to apply for a settlement ?
Why am I not able to find the app on the AppGallery after the app approval has been released ?
Is it possible to switch an app from one account to another ?
How can I find my App ID ?
How would I get a DUNS number ?
How can a HuaweI Developer account be registered ?
Why are there fewer services displayed compared to the account holder ?
May the server execute a signature verification ?
What are the possibilities if the recognition of planes is slow or unsuccessful ?
When a new version is available , would it be possible to have Quick App Center automatically upgraded ?
What can I do to disable personalized ads ?
How could I alter the headset monitoring effect ?
Why am I not allowed to use the API ?
Do UNK to learn how to enable Bluetooth on my phone in order for it to detect a Bluetooth headset ?
If signature verification fails , what should I do ?
Would I configure a result callback address ?
Will my ID card , passport , driver 's license , or bank card be needed for identity verification ?
What do I need to set up a level 1 operation account ?
What is the maximum length of the IAP public key acquired on the console ?
How am I supposed to view my app in HuaweI store ?
How can I know the reasons the version stays on Releasing on Cloud Hosting ?
Could developers use HuaweI Ads Kit to monetize traffic ?
What is HuaweI Ads Publisher intended for ?
How do I view and export reports of revenue ?
Could multiple sizes be selected when creating an ad unit ?
I want to run initialization using InitShareKit .
How would I check the comments of the users of my app ?
I want to locate a problem such as crash or ANR detected during a stability test .
List of supported Unity versions .
Could you tell us about HuaweI HiAI Engine ?
Can I get capability objects ?
I received Rejection : Lack of Disclaimer , Copyright Certificate or Computer Software Copyright Registration Document . Why ?
Can I use another UNK 's bank account to add money to the promotion account that has a different verified company name ?
Is there a cost for DevEco IDE ?
Do you have a HuaweI HiHealth Code - Sample ?
DTM supports AppsFlyer tags . If I 'm trying to report data to AppsFlyer while using DTM , do I need to integrate the AppsFlyer SDK locally ?
Do I need to complete the Cyber Security and Protection Due Diligence ?
Could I still use UNK APK name if changed , to update the corresponding application ?
Why did my app fail review when a lot of others were accepted , even though they are inferior in quality ?
Is there only one payment UI ? Is there any other payment UI ?
I would like to use AudioKit . How do I do that ?
Would non - HuaweI phones use the HuaweI Location Kit ?
Currently , the Add HMS API scheme is used in most cases . How do I ensure success of tool - based conversion ?
Are there limitations for how much storage space ( GB ) it can use ?
How do I fix error code -1 when the app calls the createPurchaseIntentWithPrice API ?
How do I apply for settlement ?
Where am I supposed to fix error code -1 when the app calls the createPurchaseIntentWithPrice API ?
What can I do if the recognition of planes is slow or unsuccessful ?
Ways to change the app name .
Is there a reason why the content of the old version is still displayed after I open the new version of the quick app ?
What files would be uploaded to drive ?
Ways to set the version number of the quick app and the version number of the card engine separately .
How can I view my app in HuaweI store ?
If the signature is confirmed invalid on the server 's side , what can I do ?
Do I need to have any permission configurations in order to use DeviceVirtualization Kit ?
I 'm trying to select the sync or async APIs .
I want to configure a gift .
I would like to manage level 2 accounts and I have a level 1 operation account . Could I do that ?
If some non - compliant apps can still be found on HuaweI AppTouch , why was mine rejected ?
What information do we need when registering an overseas app ?
Can the public payment key be exposed on the app ?
How do I reset my password ?
How do I release Quick Game ?
What 's the problem with referencing the Android support library after integrating the BioAuthn - AndroidX SDK ?
How shall I be able to check app IDs and app package names ?
When executing a payment service , what should be done UNK ?
What does CaaS Kit do ?
What are the reasons I 'm seeing a " 400 bad request invalidArgument " message even though the configurations are correct ?
May a joint operations service agreement be signed ?
What can you tell me about DevEco IDE ?
What is the use of HuaweI Media Service Usage Agreement ?
Have you got a HuaweI HiHealth Code - Sample ?
As a developer , how should I edit authorization status of client accounts ?
What are the ways for calculating the storage space on Cloud Hosting ?
Why am I unable to access the mock mode ?
Does HuaweI support the same APK extension files supported by Google Play Store ?
HuaweI Themes Design Specification , how do I use it ?
Ways to deal with an exception that occurs during HuaweI Awareness Kit call .
What is paid promotion ?
Shall ads be visible on non - HuaweI or non - Honor phones ?
I need to enable the merchant service .
Could you tell us about HuaweI Themes ?
May I use non - HuaweI phones for testing ?
Is it the user 's storage space ?
I would like to use my own AI model . How can I do that ?
I ca n't invoke the API , what could be the problem ?
Am I able to distribute apps in Mainland China without a disclaimer ?
An error 907135702 code appears when I connect to HMS Core , what would I do ?
How do I solve the version staying on Releasing on Cloud Hosting ?
What phones can run HuaweI AR Engine ?
What could I do during test execution ?
How may you sign HuaweI AppTouch Joint Operations Service Agreement online ?
How may a business get in touch with Huawei ?
Why are real - time heart rate data and RRI data UNK ?
Where am I able to get the HuaweI ar engine sdk ?
Will my phone be able to detect a Bluetooth headset if the Bluetooth is disabled ?
Could I verify my identity when I do n't have the phone number of the region that I selected ?
Caas Kit Lite can be used in which phone models ?
How long until we receive the settlement sheet ?
When calling the read method of DataManager or DataController , I always get an empty response body returned . What is the best thing to do ?
When using a HuaweI ID , what differences exist to sign in to a non - game app and to sign in to a game app ?
What UNK the southbound devices ?
When can I call obtainOwnedPurchases API ?
HuaweI HiAI Mobile Computing Platform meaning
Can I use the DeviceVirtualization Kit without an internet connection ?
If I wish to pay for Cloud Debugging , how much is the charge ?
How do I find HuaweI Themes Cooperation Agreement ?
Shoulda disabled Bluetooth from a phone detect a Bluetooth headset ?
Why ca n't I access my app on http://app.hicloud.com ?
Can an app still be released outside of China even if it 's developer does n't provide a privacy policy link ?
How do I complain about pirated apps ?
What language requirements are there when releasing an app outside China ?
How do I apply for merchant service ?
Why is response code 60055 returning when the app calls the createPurchaseIntentWithPrice API ?
When calling an API , what should I do if the message says " Invalid Credentials " ?
Why is n't there any data on the app debugging page after HuaweI Analytics Kit is integrated ?
Why does GetAvailableDevice not obtain any device ?
Would I be able to search for apps I uploaded from non - Chinese developers on the Chinese version of the AppGallery client ?
How many different user addresses does HUAWEI Identity Kit allow for a user ?
How long is it required to check a media application ?
Does a media application take a while to be reviewed ?
What does Quick game do ?
What steps are required before using merchant service ?
What 's the best way to top up ?
Is support for the virtualized cameras offered by Android native capabilities ?
Can the compiling function be modified ?
How can I share my app ?
May only choose provinces in mainland China when I sign in to https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/ for identity verification ?
How would I be able to check the names of the app IDs and app packages ?
What are the requirements for setting up a HuaweI Developer account ?
What are the requirements for using DeviceVirtualization Kit ?
What can I do if a message indicating failure to connect to the server is displayed when I view saved games in HuaweI Assistant ?
Could quick app background account be used in HuaweI background ?
For how long does a media application get reviewed ?
How do I find out which capabilities are supported by a certain product ?
How can I get the account UNK contact details ?
How may I get a member account ?
Which development languages are supported currently ? Is there any plan to support React Native ?
Operation Direction for HuaweI Preload
Could developers endorse other apps ?
Where may I get information whether a product supports certain capabilities ?
What are the ways for creating an ad ?
For documents submitted , what are the requirements ?
What should I be able to do if I have n't received payment from HuaweI 30 days after the settlement sheet has been confirmed ?
What is required for HuaweI Identity Kit to work on mobile phones and software ?
What are the differences between quick apps and abilities ?
I wish to use paid promotion .
What could I do if I ca n't receive the verification code when registering a HuaweI ID ?
Why do I get error code 6 when the web API is called ?
UNK read permissions for SMS with HMS Core ( APK ) is not working on my Android , what can I do ?
How can I be invited as a member ?
Define Card Ability .
Where can I read HuaweI Themes Cooperation Agreement ?
How should I be able to get a HuaweI AR development guide ?
How am I supposed to establish my merchant service ?
Would I only be able to see MeeTime contacts on MeeTime ?
Why am I getting that the version is unchanged immediately after deleting version successfully on Cloud Hosting ?
Who can enable a Team account ?
Is there any limit on the size of cache files of a quick app ?
An error message occurs when a user uses a bank card to pay for a transaction on the client , and it says that the transaction is rejected and the user needs to try again later . Why is this error showing ?
What can I do if I get error code 907135003 when I call HMS Core ( APK ) ?
Would I be able to change the category after the app / game is released ?
I 'd like to reset my password .
Which developer environments offer support for the API ?
When getting a device 's IP address , which port is used by HuaweI Cast+ Kit ?
What can I perform if a site is disabled on Cloud Hosting ?
Can you tell me what is App Ability used for ?
Ways to get SDK and Shell Tools .
Would a signature be verified on the server ?
How do businesses UNK user data after obtaining it ?
How long does it take for HuaweI Developers to review my documents ?
Could you find the policies of HuaweI ads ?
How many members can a team have ?
Can the geofence function be used only outdoor ?
Where can I see Privacy Protection Due Diligence ?
UNK UNK UNK , UNK , and UNK UNK
How could I set up an account on HuaweI Developer ?
Quick game , what does it do ?
How are user UNK presented with services by the HUAWEI Ability Gallery ?
What am I supposed to do if I ca n't find my location when trying to have my identity verified ?
I want to fix " application package name provided by un - trusted source " message .
How would I be able to establish my merchant service ?
Are Flutter , Xamarin , and similar software capable of being used with HMS Core Toolkit ?
Why can I see the content of the old version still displayed after I open the new version of the quick app ?
Application problems with http://app.hicloud.com ?
I need to fix " application package name provided by un - trusted source " message .
What are the phone requirements for using CaaS Kit Lite ?
How can my app in HuaweI store be viewed ?
What is the work of Joint Operation Services ?
Is consistency with the app icons , screenshots , names , versions , features , and other app information required with the audited app information ?
Can I change the category after the app / game is released ?
How do I submit an app for review ?
May the identity verification information that is under review be modified ?
How should I configure the function of compiling a project with multiple app packages ?
I would like to know what documents are needed to verify my identity .
What will verify my identity ?
What is the function of HuaweI Watch Face Design Specification ?
How do I use apI console ?
Are Drive functions UNK based on HuaweI ID ?
What change is there in the OAID when it is obtained by integrating the SDK and by calling the AIDL API ?
What are the max lengths of access_token and refresh_token ?
How should I manage team accounts ?
What is HuaweI Ads Publisher 's intended function ?
May other apps be recommended by developers ?
Could I convert dp and sp to px ?
Could sync or async apIs be selected ?
How do I UNK UNK My Smartphone UNK the NPU ?
When will the obtainOwnedPurchases API called ?
Which developer environments maintain support for API ?
With the audited app information , should the app icons , screenshots , names , versions , features , and other app information be consistent ?
How can I modify the cyber security due diligence
Am I allowed to register a few accounts with the same phone number or email address ?
Shall I use registerOneHop ( ) to invoke other APIs ?
Do I want to have any permission configurations in order to use DeviceVirtualization kit ?
What should I do if I ca n't find the HMS menu on the Android Studio menu bar after installing the HMS Core Toolkit plugin ?
How can I tell the differences between HuaweI Game Service and AppGalleryKit Game ?
What are the means to use HiAI foundation tool ?
Where am I supposed to fix error code 6 when the web API is called ?
Would there be any restrictions on the release of security - related apps outside China ?
Are cross platform IDEs compatible with HMS Core Toolkit ?
The event analysIs report on the day when HuaweI Analytics Kit is integrated into my app is n't showing data , why is it ?
What do you have to do for your app approval to go as smoothly as possible ?
Would you take me to the download page of HuaweI ar engine sdk ?
How to add new contact to the merchant service ?
I need to configure a gift .
How should I publish a new app ?
How can I get HuaweI AppTouch Channel Guide ?
How do I proceed with the media client if the request for a rewarded ad fails ?
Can I have games with IAP payments in APP TOUCH ?
Ways to upload themes .
When will we be issued the settlement sheet ?
Is the user meant to log in to my app using a HuaweI ID ? may other accounts be used ?
Am I able to do signature verification without the SHA-256 certificate ?
What is required to use the merchant service ?
What are the guides in using paid promotion ?
Would I be able to add a category when creating an ability ？
What is UNK in the revenue displayed in the report on the HuaweI Ads Publisher Console ?
How to use API Console ?
Is the payment in sandbox testing environment different than in the formal environment test ?
Using my level 1 account , how can I top up and request for invoice ?
Are there any differences between individual and enterprise developers ?
How should I be able to fix the HwOneHopSdk error message that shows when I edit code in the app ?
Should a result callback address be configured ?
What are the reasons for real - time heart rate data and RRI data UNK ?
How may I operate console ?
Is an Internet connection required for using the DeviceVirtualization Kit ?
Shall the geofence function be used both indoor and outdoor ?
Where can I find my HUAWEI 's merchant contract ? Can I get it stamped ?
My location is not in the list when I try to verify my identity . What shall I do ?
What is the next guideline if the signature fails to be verified on the server 's side ?
How can I analyze ad effectiveness ?
Can I update my app if its APK signature is modified ?
What are the steps in using Paid Promotion ?
When the app calls the payment API , it shows " Ca n't get applicationInfo by applicationId " . What should I do when this happens ?
Can the CaaS Kit Lite utilize the video data as the source for video calls ?
How can a link 's function be modified , for a link connecting to the main page of an ability ? What is the function of the link ?
How to make a signing certificate change ?
Does HuaweI support APK extension files UNK by Google Play Store ?
What do I need to know about the JSON file update policy ?
Give me the recommended radius for a geofence .
When can I make a signing certificate change ?
How to select Sync or Async APIs ?
Can the developers be helped in any direction to improve the ranking of their apps in HuaweI AppGallery ?
Would I be able to have games with IAP payments in APP TOUCH ?
How can I do a paid promotion ?
Am I able to test an ability that is being reviewed ?
How do I handle error 50005 ?
Are other payment UIs an option ?
The signature algorithm for the app signature certificate is SHA1withRSA . Can this affect my app ?
Why ca n't TransFile deliver the files ?
If I want to use virtualized cameras with the Android native capabilities , can I do that ?
How can I alter the basic information ?
How can I know cause the version stays on Releasing on Cloud Hosting ?
What can I do when data reporting fails and the server returns error code 402 ?
What are the programming languages the IDE is supporting ?
What is the difference between ID Token - based integration and Authorization Code - based integration ?
Could the CaaS Kit Lite utilize the video data as the source for video calls ?
Can a non - resident receive payments for a product released in the Chinese mainland without having to open a bank account in China ?
Ca n't upload 6 screenshots in developer console , what to do ?
What radius Should a geofence have ?
How many device models may I select when running a test ?
Should an online game package 's name be the same as a quick game package 's ?
Is there a limit on the frequency of access token requests while purchase token is being verified ?
Are members not invited ?
Could I give only one invoice for multiple settlement sheets ?
May I select multiple sizes when creating an ad unit ?
Why does identity verification require my ID card , passport , driver ’s license , or bank card ?
In what ways can themes be updated ?
Give me the list of the current development languages are that being supported . Will they be supporting React Native as UNK ?
How do I remove my HuaweI ID ?
I am a developer . How should I edit authorization status of client accounts ?
I seek to learn the different modes of CameraKit .
After changing the APK package name , am I able to still use it to update the corresponding application ?
I want to get capability objects .
Could a quick app be upgraded in HuaweI AppGallery , without affecting the related card ability ?
Can user data in the HuaweI Health app be read when the device screen is locked ?
Should I configure a result callback address ?
How may I operate AudioKit ?
How many characters of the IAP public key obtained on the console ?
What are the statuses before and after the UNK of an app ?
Could other apps be suggested by developers ?
Would I be able to set separate version numbers for the quick app and for the card engine ?
Could I register a level 1 operation account ?
How may I use Customer Service ?
How long to consolidate an ability to HUAWEI Ability Gallery ?
What would I use Card Ability for ?
What is required when executing a payment service ?
What are the guidelines in using paid promotion ?
Can you tell me what Sharing proportion is used for ?
How am I able to get the ability statistics through the developer portal ?
Is it required from the app developers to handle NFC tags themselves ?
What do I need to do to apply for permissions ?
Who can make use of the HuaweI HiHealth platform among the business partners ?
What specific information is required when registering an overseas app ?
What are the UNK of abilities and quick apps ?
How to operate ads ?
What are the UNK between HuaweI Game Service and AppGalleryKit ?
When could I receive revenue from my games and applications that have accessed HuaweI Pay ?
May an ability be tested while it 's being reviewed ?
What can I do when the message " Ca n't get applicationinfo by applicationid " is displayed when the app calls the payment API ?
Does HuaweI Ability gallery input data from apps ?
How can I add contact information in the merchant service ?
Where to find instructions for SDK download ?
Why ca n't I locate the HMS menu on the Android Studio menu ?
Why does referencing the Android support library cause a conflict when done after integrating the BioAuthn - AndroidX SDK ?
What limitations are there on the size of cache files of a quick app ?
Explain Cloud Debugging .
What will cause failure to app review ?
When should I start up the SDK ?
Could an alias be set and be visible on the AppGallery client ?
What am I supposed to do when I get the message on the HuaweI console that the merchant authentication fails and I 'd like to contact the merchant representative ?
Shall distribution to Mainland China and other countries be done at the same time if it 's just one theme package ?
When should I launch the SDK ?
How may developers interact with the ecosystem through the HuaweI Ability Gallery ?
I 'm trying to use the API but it 's not letting me . What could be the problem ?
Why am I getting error code 60055 returned when the app calls the createPurchaseIntentWithPrice API ?
Can AudioKit be introduced ?
When is the top - up invoice for this month ?
Can I get information on the promotion strategy for HMS Core Toolkit ?
Could I change the disclaimer for an app to be released in Mainland China ?
Where can you find the policies of HuaweI Ads ?
Can the category of my app / game be changed after it has been released ?
Why does settings exist on its own when I 'm trying to modify some settings of my remote device and test my app ?
Shall ads be displayed on non - HuaweI or non - Honor phones ?
Can I convert dp and sp to px ?
What is " deep link " in App Ability for ?
What can I do if a site is down on Cloud Hosting ?
What UNK Ability do ?
How can I use a free subscription for a certain time ?
Where can I connect with the account holder ?
Is there a UNK on the number of geo - fences on HuaweI Awareness Kit ?
How would I be able to check app IDs and app package names ?
How am I supposed to make GetAvailableDevice obtain a device ?
Can one know of Joint Operation Services ?
How may I find my app ID ?
Ways to stop HwOneHopSdk from displaying an error message when I edit code in the app .
What is the purpose of HuaweI Cloud Testing ?
Would I use HMS ToolKit to automatically save AppGallery Connect configuration file to my project directory ?
What shall I do if the signature fails to be verified on the server 's side ?
Do I have to submit my app to release Abilities on HuaweI Ability Gallery ?
What may I do when data reporting fails and the server returns error code 402 ?
What number of device models am I able to select when running a test ?
Why would you use Sharing proportion ?
Can you suggest the different uses of the resolutions in getCameraInfo and getCameraParameters ?
How should I integrate the HuaweI Ads SDK ?
How to edit information about the company ?
Differences between CameraKit modes .
Do I need to have a disclaimer if I 'm trying to distribute apps in Mainland China ?
Am I allowed to choose multiple sizes when creating an ad unit ?
Could I obtain a query of capabilities that the kit supports ?
Can I put my quick app background account in HuaweI background ?
How could the HuaweI Kits ' APIs be identified by tool - based conversion ?
What are the main steps for creating a theme ?
Is only one payment UI supported ?
How should I alter the basic information ?
How would I proceed with the media client if the request for a rewarded ad fails ?
Are we allowed to know about Joint Operation Services ?
Should I be able to reload my paid promotion account with credit card ?
I need to learn how to use paid promotion .
What is Cloud Debugging 's intended function ?
HuaweI Analytics are to be seen in which event ?
The signature algorithm of the app signature certificate is SHA1withRSA . Can the app be impacted by this in any ways ?
What is the use of Quick app ?
How can I get information on the promotion strategy for hms core toolkit ?
What is the requirement when applying for paid promotion tests for apps / games ?
How long does an invoice last ?
How will success be ensured when you use tool - based conversion ?
It 's not letting me submit tests , what could be the problem ?
I want to release an app outside China . Are there any language requirements ?
Definition of the number of times that a quick app report is opened in HuaweI Developer .
Would I be able to access HuaweI Account Kit to enable users to sign in to my app using their HuaweI IDs even if I have my own account management service ?
Why do I need to prove my identity ?
Why does verifying my identity UNK ?
I want to fix error code -1 when the app calls the createPurchaseIntentWithPrice API .
Can you take me to the download page of HuaweI AR Engine SDK ?
Will Drive capabilities work if I integrated my app into HMS SDK ?
What are UNK 's most prominent features ?
Could I do signature verification without the SHA-256 certificate ?
How to cancel my HuaweI ID ?
How to handle when my location ca n't be found in the list when trying to verify identity ?
Could a HuaweI personal Developer account be updated into an enterprise account with the same contact information ?
How to work with console ?
Can you explain what HuaweI Cast+ Kit is ?
How long is the process for reviewing apps ?
What are getCameraInfo and getCameraParameters resolutions used for ?
Can you tell me about any DMSDP virtualization service input requirements ?
Which libraries are required to connect to HuaweI IAP ?
Can I select sync or async APIs ?
When I use the HMS SDK to access HuaweI account kit on a mobile phone without hms core ( APK ) , i 'll see a message , asking me to download the APK . How should I be able to make my app support sign - in with HuaweI ID if I do not download the APK ?
Does HuaweI help APK extension information supported by Google Play Store ?
For cloud capabilities , which awareness capabilities are required ?
Can you know what is done to user data after it 's sent to business partners ?
What should I be aware of when entering merchant information ?
How am I supposed to top up ?
What 's the number of supported modules by the tool ?
I have a level 1 account . How can I top up and request for invoice ?
Are there any language requirements when releasing an app outside China ?
Where would I be able to get the HuaweI ar engine sdk ?
What differences are there between ID Token - based integration and Authorization Code - based integration ?
Do developers need to handle NFC tags ?
Can you read the HuaweI Health app 's user data on a locked screen ?
Is there a specific tax qualification I should choose ?
How do I make the price specified by amount the same as the actual price when the createPurchaseIntentWithPrice API is called for payment ?
I 'm trying to increase the activity recognition success rate .
Ways to adapt my AI model to the accepted HiAI model format .
How can I avoid the version staying on Removing on Cloud Hosting ?
Can I run a test with more than one device model ?
If an app fails the review , what 's the reason most of the time ?
How would I be able to fix an app rejected due to virus issues ?
What is recommended for the documents submitted ?
What are the restrictions when releasing security - based apps outside China ?
How do I operate AudioKit ?
Would I be able to gather different card abilities with a grid template ?
What is the geofence range ?
How do I use HuaweI Ability Gallery to interact with the ecosystem ?
What are the UNK differences between the sandbox testing environment and the formal environment test ?
UNK the FIDO2 error codes Fido2Status and CtapStatus , what are the differences ?
How can I adjust my signing certificate ?
If I have a smart watch , can I use it with HuaweI Awareness Kit ?
When I sign in to HuaweI Developer , a dialog box is displayed , requesting that I perform security evaluation and submit a report . Where shall I be able to submit the report ?
Should I have HuaweI Account Kit in my app to use HuaweI Identity Kit ?
Which languages are currently supported ? Are they UNK to support React Native ?
Are Drive functions strongly subjected on HuaweI ID ?
Am I allowed to request a refund in the background after payment ?
Am I able to choose the services or change the order of the services in HuaweI Assistant ?
Is it required that the ending of joint operation apps is .huawei ?
Ways to set font - weight .
I 'm trying to share my app .
How do I make a new theme ?
Should I use HMS ToolKit to automatically save AppGallery Connect configuration file to my project directory ?
How may I register for an account on HuaweI Developer ?
Why is it when I sign in to https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/ for identity verification , I shall only choose provinces in mainland China ?
Is MeeTime only showing MeeTime contacts ?
What are status code 10010 , 10011 , and 10012 whilst a function is called ?
Am I able to use other phones for testing besides Huawei ?
What 's the definition of JSON file update policy ?
For testing , may I use non - HuaweI phones ?
What purpose does CaaS Kit serve ?
How can I get hold of the account holder ?
When calling the read method of DataManager or DataController , I always get an empty response body returned . What could I do ?
Why does n't TransFile work ?
How am I supposed to fix error code -1 when the app calls the createPurchaseIntentWithPrice API ?
How do I prevent the version from staying on Releasing on Cloud Hosting ?
Can ads be visible on non - HuaweI or non - Honor phones ?
Could you launch HuaweI HiHealth ?
Share Kit , how do I use it ?
It 's not letting me use mock mode , what could be the problem ?
Shall HuaweI HuaweI AppTouch Joint Operations Service Agreement be signed ?
Which events are being UNK to HuaweI Analytics ?
Would I be able to change the category of my app / game after it has been released ?
Do any differences exist between individual and enterprise developers ?
How to change my role and permissions ?
HuaweI HiHealth Code - Sample , how to get it ?
HuaweI Preload Operation Guide
When I use the HMS SDK to access HuaweI Account Kit on a mobile phone without HMS Core ( APK ) , I 'll see a message , asking me to download the APK . How can I make my app support sign - in with HuaweI ID if I do not download the APK ?
When calling the read method of DataManager or DataController , I always get an empty response body returned . What should I do ?
How can I get rewarded ads in landscape orientation ?
Why am I told my test is being executed ?
How is font - weight set ?
Quick App Scenarios , how do they work ?
How would I change the company name ?
What are Quick App Scenarios ' key features ?
What would I use Sharing proportion for ?
How long will it take for HuaweI Developer to examine my documents ?
How do I know whether a product supports a certain capability ?
Explain HuaweI Themes Design Specification .
Is it necessary for the developer to provide a privacy policy link for an app to be released outside China ?
What would I use HuaweI Ads for ?
What will happen if you attempt to use the functions offered by HuaweI Identity Kit without signing in using a HuaweI ID ?
What are the directions in using apI console ?
How may you guide users to use the new feature ?
Shall you tell me what DevEco IDE is ?
How do I access DevEco IDE ?
Can a business do to UNK with Huawei ?
Would error 60055 resurface when testing ?
How am I supposed to avoid " null " return when the user makes the query and tries to read data ?
What should be done if a 6003 error occurs when I connect to HMS Core ?
At what point do I need the payment service ?
Can I leave the related card ability intact while upgrading the quick app in HuaweI AppGallery ?
What do HuaweI Game Service and AppGalleryKit Game have in common ?
What security measures are there for HuaweI AppTouch ?
I want to access quick app UNK .
Could n't use the mock mode
What should I do with unused funds in my advertiser account ?
Am I able to manage a client account using my level 1 operation account ?
What is error code 60055 and why do I get it when the app calls the createPurchaseIntentWithPrice API ?
How can I change the sign in account ?
How can I look at the version of HMS Core ( APK ) ?
Could a joint operations service agreement be signed ?
What do I do to fix errors that happen when calling HuaweI Awareness Kit ?
Am I allowed to upload the same app from two different accounts without getting the system message that the package name exists / Is duplicate ?
What are the instructions for making a new theme ?
Should I manage team accounts ?
Where can I find the operations data of a released ability ?
Why am I told I do not have the hq phone number and work phone number of the country / region that I selected when I try to get my identity verified ?
What is DevEco IDE ?
What do Quick App Scenarios mean ?
How do I integrate the HUAWEI Ads SDK ?
How do I fix testing task stuck in a queue ?
What 's hindering me from submitting app media for review ?
How should I analyze ad effectiveness ?
What am I supposed to do if I can not find my bank information on the merchant service page ?
How do I view the basic information about my device since Settings is shielded for the Cloud Debugging ?
Are the apps I uploaded from non - Chinese developers UNK on the Chinese version of the AppGallery client ?
How can advertising invoices be issued without the necessary credentials ?
How does the OAID format work ?
The signature algorithm for the app signature certificate is SHA1withRSA . Can this affect my app ?
What would I be aware of when entering merchant information ?
I 'd like to submit my app to release Abilities on HuaweI Ability Gallery .
Could a team account be set up ?
As a developer , how would I edit authorization status of client accounts ?
I did an OAID reset . Will it apply to the UNK of my devices ?
May level 2 account users manage client accounts ?
Could you take me to HuaweI ability gallery from the console ?
What are the steps in using my own AI model ?
Can only one invoice be issued for several settlement sheets ?
May HuaweI Location Kit be utilized on non - HuaweI phones ?
I want to fix error 50005 .
I would like to use HiAI Foundation Tool . How do I do that ?
Do you need to limit the number of geofences ?
I 'm unable to submit tests , what could be the issue ?
Could the DV kit be used by more than one app at a time ?
Is there a limit on the debugging time with Cloud Debugging ?
I have questions about different modes of CameraKit .
Would I be able to choose the services or change the order of the services in HuaweI Assistant ?
I could n't upload more than 5 screenshots in developer console ?
I 'm trying to check service country / region .
How can one learn about rewarded videos working ?
What can I do if I need to transfer an app to another developer account ?
Can I collect different card abilities with a grid template ?
How can I find the location of a problem detected during a stability test ?
The cache files of a quick app , is there a limit on size ?
What is HuaweI OneHop intended for ?
Can you do anything specific to get your app approval go as smoothly as possible ?
Why does it say I still have n't received payment from HuaweI 30 days after the settlement sheet has been confirmed ?
How do I top up and request an invoice using my level 1 account ?
I seek to know the languages supported by HMS SDK .
I have files stored in Drive , are they encrypted ?
Can you tell me what is Cloud Debugging used for ?
I changed the APK package name . Can I still use it to update the corresponding application ?
Would I be able to modify the classification after the app / game is released ?
Reason behind identity verification requiring my ID card , passport , driver ’s license , or bank card ?
What is the specification for content rating ?
Can I learn how rewarded videos work ?
Is it necessary to have a privacy statement ? How do I prepare and release the privacy statement ?
How can I view operations data of a released ability ?
How am I supposed to publish a new app ?
Is the user data of the HuaweI Health app UNK on a locked screen ?
Are Google Play Store supported APK extension information supported on Huawei ?
How can I acquire SDK and Shell Tools ?
Should the rewarded ads be available in landscape orientation ?
In what context do I need payment service ?
How do rewarded videos work ?
I 'd like to publish a new app .
Can I do an app transfer ?
Why is there a need for my ID card , passport , driver ’s license , or bank card for identity verification ?
What sort of devices can run HuaweI AR Engine ?
Is it a must to have any permission configurations in order to use DeviceVirtualization kit ?
How to use HuaweI QuickApp IDE ?
How do I know if the tool supports multiple modules ?
I need to release an app outside China . Are there any language requirements ?
Could you offer HuaweI HiAI Engine ?
How can I avoid a conflict when I reference the Android support library after integrating the BioAuthn - AndroidX SDK ?
What are the uses of HuaweI AR ?
May I sign HuaweI HuaweI AppTouch Joint Operations Service Agreement ?
Can several devices debug simultaneously using one account ?
If version is in Releasing state on Cloud Hosting , I am unable to create new version .
Can you explain what DeviceVirtualization Kit is ?
What could I find out from the number of times that a quick app report is opened in HuaweI Developer ?
How can themes be uploaded ?
How could I separately set the version number of the UNK app and the version number of the card engine ?
Would I convert dp and sp to px ?
Does HuaweI Awareness Kit have a number UNK of geo - fences ?
Why am I seeing a " 400 Bad Request invalidArgument " message returned when the configurations are correct ?
As a developer , how am I able to edit authorization status of client accounts ?
Means to fix r-classes.jar conflicts ?
May I modify the disclaimer for an app to be released in mainland China ?
UNK who has the ability to enable a Team account
Am I going to have an automatic upgrade for Quick App Center when a new version is available ?
How may you install HMS Core Toolkit ?
How do I work with ad unit ?
How can I hand in an app for review ?
Could you show me the download page of HuaweI ar engine sdk ?
How can I learn the difference in modes of CameraKit ?
How can I get information about Ad Slots ?
Can I use wearable devices with HuaweI Awareness Kit ?
Where is HuaweI HiHealth Download Center ?
How to fix error code 6 when the web API is called ?
How long does it take for HuaweI Developers to check my documents ?
Would the geofence function be used only outdoor ?
My app has been rejected . Why ?
UNK - UNK , how different are the sandbox testing environment and the formal environment test ?
I want to manage funds using my level 1 operation account .
Can I view App Ability if I 'm using HuaweI web browser ?
How can I UNK out the full length of access_token and refresh_token ?
Could I access third - party services or apps through the HuaweI Health app ?
I 've failed the app review , can you tell me why ?
The payment page can not be displayed on a non - HuaweI mobile phone , and error code 1 or 907135003 is returned . What should be done in this case ?
Why am I unable to create a new version while the version is in Release state on Cloud Hosting ?
What do I do after unable to access the hosted static page while version in Released state on Cloud Hosting is returned ?
After doing an OAID reset , will all of my devices be affected ?
Can you explain what quick app IDE is ?
Can you tell us about AudioKit ?
What are the statuses after the release of an app ?
HuaweI Cast+ Kit , how do I use it ?
How may I use AudioKit ?
How do I get rid of my HuaweI ID ?
May ads be displayed on non - HuaweI or non - Honor phones ?
Where could I view and download the service agreement ?
How long do I have before my invoice expires ?
How to receive ability statistics through the developer portal ?
How may I sign HuaweI HuaweI AppTouch Joint Operations Service Agreement ?
How do I operate ads ?
Can I be an account holder ?
How to share my app ?
Why am I not seeing any data on the app debugging page after HuaweI Analytics Kit is integrated ?
I 'd like to run initialization using InitShareKit .
Can you define HuaweI HiAI Mobile Computing Platform ?
How may I access HuaweI HiHealth Download Center ?
UNK though my configurations are correct , a " 400 bad request invalidArgument " message is present , why ?
How can I solve the version not changing immediately after deleting version successfully on Cloud Hosting ?
If a user does an OAID reset , will it UNK on all of hIs devices ?
What are the steps in using card abilities ?
http://app.hicloud.com is not listing my app , why ?
How dependent are the Drive functions on HuaweI ID ?
Can you explain what HuaweI OneHop is ?
When are bills available to view and download ?
How can I fix error code -1 when the app calls the createPurchaseIntentWithPrice API ?
Where can I get paid for my developer services ?
Will ads be displayed on a non - HuaweI or non - Honor phones ?
Does registering an overseas app require any specific information ?
What are the UNK on using FIDO2 ?
What does HuaweI Watch Face Design Specification do ?
How can I manage team accounts ?
How can I edit the basic information ?
Can the tool aid with conversion of Firebase services ?
I 'm trying to make the price specified by amount the same as the actual price when the createPurchaseIntentWithPrice API is called for payment .
Could I gather different card abilities with a grid template ?
How may I oversee ads ?
Many of the tests submitted are blocked , what could be the problem ?
Can I register a level 2 operation account ?
For testing , shall I be able to use non - HuaweI phones ?
How would I sign HuaweI AppTouch Joint Operations Service Agreement online ?
How to integrate HuaweI Cast+ Kit ? What are the format requirements for APKs ?
Ways to stop " null " return when the user makes the query and tries to read data .
I would like to manage funds and I have a level 1 operation account . How can I do that ?
What could I do if an " application package name ( xxx ) provided by un - trusted source . " message is returned when creating data ?
When will the use of the payment service be needed ?
What types of files can be uploaded to Drive ?
How can I set up a level 1 operation account ?
Where am I able to find the operations data about the quick app after it is released ?
I 'm trying to do SDK download .
How can I perform app sharing ?
How can I resolve status code 10010 , 10011 , and 10012 when I am calling a function ?
Define HuaweI EMUI theme cooperation .
Sharing proportion meaning
UNK the privacy protection due diligence
How to keep my account UNK ?
Is only one payment UI accepted ?
How can I use Ability Gallery on my device ?
How shall I be able to make the system allow me to create a promotion task in the paid promotion service ?
Define Quick game .
Could n't HMS Core ( APK ) downloaded from Google Play get automatic read permissions for SMS ?
What could I do to check viruses on an app ?
Should I pay a specific amount when releasing an app ?
What purpose does Quick app serve ?
Which configurations does an OAID support ?
SHA1withRSA is the algorithm for the signature certificate of my app . Can I use it ?
Where can I find the operations data about the quick app after it is released ?
How should I be able to top up ?
Is there a way to make the actual function during the NFC test show up when multi - screen collaboration is launched ?
How can success be ensured when tool - based conversion is used ?
Can a file stored in Drive be encrypted or not ?
How would I be able to download Huawei 's merchant contract ? am I allowed to have my contract stamped ?
How does Quick game work ?
Can I add a category when creating an ability ？
Shall the geofence function be used only outdoor ?
How may I manage console ?
Is there any impact in the OAID when it is obtained by integrating the SDK and by calling the AIDL API ?
What does Card Ability do ?
The payment page can not be displayed on a non - HuaweI mobile phone , and error code 1 or 907135003 is returned . In this case , what should I do ?
Would I be able to use one account to debug on two computers at once ?
In order to check the validity of the purchase token , how long is the purchase token valid in the API called by your server ?
Where can ability cards users be taken to ?
Who has UNK to enable a Team account ?
Am I able to develop multiple cards and generate a single rpk package ?
Ways to use paid promotion .
Do apps share files with HuaweI Ability Gallery ?
Can changes in APK signature upgrade my app ?
The version is not changed immediately after deleting site successfully on Cloud Hosting .
I 'd like to fix a 6003 error connecting to HMS core .
Would I be able to check whether my smartphone is compatible with the NPU ?
When compiling XMS adapter code separately , the HMS Core Toolkit shows a message saying that I do not have static or dynamic permissions , what should I do then ?
Ways to integrate the HUAWEI Ads SDK .
How am I able to find out which capabilities are supported by a certain product ?
How fast is the process for reviewing apps ?
How am I supposed to change my password ?
Is it possible to fix when the web API is called ?
What port should I use when checking a device 's IP address with HuaweI Cast+ Kit ?
What are the steps for installing HMS Core Toolkit ?
How can I only see MeeTime contacts on MeeTime ?
Am I able to view or access App Ability if I 'm using HuaweI web browser ?
How may I benefit from using paid promotions ?
How can I use merchant service ?
How can I put together a gift ?
I am a developer . How can I edit authorization status of client accounts ?
In HuaweI IAP , is there any restriction on the maximum payment amount ?
Why am I not finding the app on the AppGallery client after the app approval is released ?
What can I do if the " Invalid Credentials " message is returned when calling an API ?
What does r-classes.jar conflict mean ?
When applying for paid promotion tests for apps / games , what details are needed ?
Means to help your app approval go as smoothly as possible .
The screen of my HuaweI device becomes black and I can not use it . How to solve this problem ?
Does the service have any conditions on the running environment ?
What to do when error code 50005 is returned from calling an API ?
May I do an app transfer ?
Where can I find Theme Service Specification ?
How should I establish my payment service ?
How can the company information be edited ?
What are the restrictions on obtaining high - precision locations ?
If I do not download the hms core ( APK ) , how can I make my app support sign - in if I 'm working on a mobile phone without hms core ( APK ) ?
Is it possible to change my role and permissions ?
I want to add app and unit . How can I do that ?
Can you explain why an error message occurred when a user uses a bank card to pay for a transaction on the client ? It says that the transaction is rejected and the user needs to try again later .
How many members can I have on my team ?
How may I get HuaweI Themes Tool ?
Does the signature algorithm SHA1withRSA have any effect on the app ?
What storage space does the Drive utilize ?
What are the key features of OneHop ?
Operation Guide for HuaweI Preload
Should I call init API when starting a game ?
How do I get paid for my developer services ?
Where are policies of HuaweI UNK placed ?
How can I operate HiAI foundation tool ?
How do I view user comments on AppGallery Connect after 30 days ?
Would developers revise the integration of CaaS Kit Lite service to meet UX requirements ?
How to upload themes ?
When will the payment service be required ?
How should I make a new ad ?
What are the UNK for content rating ?
When will my invoice be UNK ?
What does it mean that the name of the APK I 'm uploading is already in use ?
Who among the business partners have access to the HuaweI HiHealth platform ?
How may I use HuaweI QuickApp IDE ?
When could I receive revenue from my apps and games that have accessed HuaweI Pay ?
What is HuaweI EMUI theme cooperation ?
Are there any restrictions on getting high - precision locations ?
Would level 2 account users be in charge for client accounts ?
What characteristics of the startDiscovery API and the getVirtualDevicesList API sets them apart ?
I 'm trying to run initialization using InitShareKit .
How may I operate apI console ?
Sharing proportion function
Where would I be able to find the process of settlement ?
How am I supposed to get paid for my developer services ?
What reasons are most often to UNK when an app fails the review ?
Can developers suggest other apps ?
What I have to be aware of when entering merchant information ?
An empty response body is always returned when calling the read method of DataManager or DataController . What do I need to do ?
What happened for the query results not to match what has been written , after writing multiple data with overlapping time intervals ?
Which is the list of HuaweI AppTouch security measures ?
How can MeeTime only show MeeTime contacts ?
My location is not in the list when I try to verify my identity . What may I do ?
Would you take me to my app users ' comments ?
What are the refund options in the background after payment ?
DeviceVirtualization Kit function
How can I get capability objects ?
I ca n't find the app on the AppGallery client after the app approval is released
I need to access third - party services or apps in the HuaweI Health app .
What contingencies does the service need from the running environment ?
Ability cards can redirect users how ?
How do I register for a level 2 operation account ?
How can I see the basic information about my device since Settings is shielded for the Cloud Debugging ?
Is DevEco IDE free ? I want to get it .
Must joint operation apps end with .huawei ?
I want to report data to AppsFlyer while using DTM .
How may I work with ad unit ?
How does using a HuaweI ID to sign in to a non - game app different from using a HuaweI ID to sign in to a game app ?
Are Drive functions strongly dependent on HuaweI ID ?
What purpose does HuaweI OneHop serve ?
How would I set up a team account ?
How UNK are the maximum payment amounts in HuaweI IAP ?
When should I be able to view and download bills ?
Quick app , how do I use it ?
Are there means to make the actual function during the NFC test show up when multi - screen collaboration is launched ?
An empty response body is always returned when calling the read method of DataManager or DataController . What can I do ?
How should I make the price specified by amount the same as the actual price when the createPurchaseIntentWithPrice API is called for payment ?
Using my level 1 operation account , how can I manage level 2 accounts ?
Ways to aid your app approval go as smoothly as possible .
How am I able to add app and unit ?
What will be the next step if error code 907135702 appears when connecting to HMS Core ?
Is support for wearable devices like smart watches available on HuaweI Awareness Kit ?
How can I manage level 2 accounts if I have a level 1 operation account ?
Can I interchange between landscape and portrait modes on a real device during debugging ?
When a user is presented with services by HUAWEI Ability Gallery , how does it decide what to present ?
What are the ways I can download SDK ?
Why am I not able to see any data on the app debugging page after HuaweI Analytics Kit is integrated ?
When may I make a signing certificate change ?
Why am I having an issue submitting my app media for review ?
How does DeviceVirtualization Kit work ?
What is the UNK version of HuaweI AppGallery I can use quick apps in ?
I 'm trying to use the tool for conversion of Firebase services .
How do I operate ad unit ?
How can the merchant service be enabled if the location of identity verification is not the same as the location of the company ’s public account ?
What can I do to view the basic information about my device since Settings is shielded for the Cloud Debugging ?
Can the developers be helped in any ways to improve the ranking of their apps in HuaweI AppGallery ?
How can I start using the payment service ?
What are the developer environments that support the API ?
Where can I see event reports ?
If I have HuaweI Awareness Kit , can I use my smart watch with it ?
Reason why an approved app is not showing on the AppGallery client after its release
What are the events that can be found at the HuaweI Analytics ?
Can I register multiple accounts with the same phone number or email address ?
What is the common width of a card ?
If I am not from China and I want to release a product there , do I need to have a bank account in China in order to receive payments ?
How will HMS Core Toolkit be promoted ?
Where can I find Huawei 's Theme Service Specification ?
How does HuaweI Identity Kit for mobile phones and software work ?
How do I change my HuaweI Developer individual account to an enterprise account without changing the email address or phone number used for registration ?
Does the init API need to be called for initialization when a game is started ?
How can I prevent the version from staying on Removing on Cloud Hosting ?
How to operate Paid Promotion ?
What is the standard for using merchant service ?
Would you show me my app users ' comments ?
Ways of using the getCameraInfo and getCameraParameters resolutions .
Under which conditions does the OAID value of a device change ?
Would I be able to use my level 1 operation account to handle a client account ?
What should be done to determine the principles for displaying the product price and unit on a player 's mobile phone ? Is it based on location of the player ?
Am I able to switch between landscape and portrait modes on a real device during debugging ?
What 's needed for giving an app a name ?
I want to apply for settlement .
I want to change the company name ? How will I do that ?
I want to check service country / region .
How am I able to get paid for my developer services ?
What would I use Share Kit for ?
Means of fixing " application package name provided by un - trusted source " message ?
What should I do if I 'm looking to change my signing certificate during game version update ?
What can a business do to partner with Huawei ?
Does HMS SDK have to be integrated into my app so that it can use Drive capabilities ?
Drive support which types of files ?
Where should I be able to get the HuaweI ar engine sdk ?
What could cause the query results not to match what has been written , after writing multiple data with overlapping time intervals ?
I got an empty result with getDeviceList . What should I do ?
What differences are there between using a HuaweI ID to sign in to a non - game app and using a HuaweI ID to sign in to a game app ?
How do we guide the users to use the new feature ?
What is the maximum radius for a geofence ?
How many members can a team have at most ?
Are cross - platform IDEs compatible with HMS Core Toolkit ?
What is the use of Quick game ?
If the signature algorithm of the app signature certificate is SHA1withRSA , does this have any impact on the app ?
How do I remove the version staying on Removing on Cloud Hosting ?
Do I have to generate a separate RPK package for every developed card ?
How can I secure my account ?
I 'm a business partner , can I use HuaweI HiHealth platform ?
Ca n't get applicationinfo by applicationid appears whenever the app calls the payment API . What will be the next ways when this occurs ?
Means to make the fonts larger on the hms core toolkit ?
What do we use getCameraInfo and getCameraParameters resolutions for ?
Should MeeTime only show MeeTime contacts ?
May the DV kit be used by more than one app at a time ?
Could I update from an individual into an enterprise account while keeping my phone number ?
HuaweI Cast + Kit gets an IP address using which port ?
What do you do to promote HMS Core Toolkit ?
How do I get SDK and Shell Tools ?
I have a level 1 operation account . Can I manage funds ?
How can I find the AppGallery Review Guidelines ?
What are the guidelines for setting passwords in Cast+ Kit ?
Would my app be updated if I modify its APK signature ?
Why is initialization failing when using InitShareKit ?
I wish to find the AppGallery Review Guidelines .
How may I oversee console ?
How could I edit information about the company ?
Where can I access HuaweI Ability Gallery from the console ?
Can DeviceVirtualization Kit be used even if you do n't have a HuaweI device ?
What shall I do if my testing task is stuck in a queue ?
Can I alter the category of my app / game after it has been released ?
How to fix when there is no preview , or if the preview blackscreens ?
Do I integrate the HuaweI Account Kit to my app to use HuaweI Identity Kit ?
Team account intended use
How does one change the OAID of a device ?
UNK on HMS Core Toolkit promotion strategy .
TransFile fails to send files .
Why did my app fail review when a lot of others were accepted , even though my quality is better ?
How can you have HUAWEI Ads SDK integrated ?
What phone models and EMUI versions do I need to use the activity recognition function ?
Could you show me my service agreement and download it for me ?
Why is the version remains the same immediately after deleting site successfully on Cloud Hosting ?
Could I manage team accounts ?
What could I do to view and download the service agreement ?
Could developers utilize the HuaweI Ads Kit to monetize traffic ?
What is the reason I got unable to access the hosted static page while version in Released state on Cloud Hosting ?
What are the directions to have your app approval go as smoothly as possible ?
Should I wait long for my top - up amount to be added to my account ?
Why are there errors when I reference the Android support library after integrating the BioAuthn - AndroidX SDK ?
How can I run initialization using InitShareKit ?
Do I need to have a privacy statement ? How can I prepare and release the privacy statement ?
If I do not have the credentials for issuing advertising invoices such as for advertising service fees and advertising fees , what should I do ?
How much do I need to pay when releasing an app outside China ?
Can you tell us about HuaweI Themes ?
What should I do if the signature fails to be authenticated on the server 's side ?
How may I sign up for an account ?
What should I do if I ca n't verify my signature ?
Why can a code run during development and debugging , but can not discover other devices ?
Do virtualized cameras have Android native capabilities ?
How to change to another language in IDE ?
How can I guide users to use the new feature ?
When should I be able to get the top - up invoice for this month ?
How do you use the IDE system ?
Where could I find reported events ?
What shall I be aware of when entering merchant information ?
How does CaaS Kit work ?
In what ways are enterprise developers and individual developers different ?
How do I delete my HuaweI ID ?
How may I create a theme ?
What is the function of AppTouch ?
I 'd like to modify some settings of my remote device and test my app . However , when I open settings on my device , settings exits unexpectedly . Why does this problem occur ?
Why is n't the OAID value of my device changing ?
By what means can you sign HuaweI AppTouch Joint Operations Service Agreement online ?
What is Card Ability intended for ?
I 'd like to configure the function of compiling a project with multiple app packages .
I need to learn how to fix error code -1 when the app calls the createPurchaseIntentWithPrice API .
How do I change to another language in IDE ?
Can I fix signature verification problems ?
What is the reason it UNK me to show my ID card , passport , driver 's license , or bank card for identity verification ?
Why is it when I sign in to https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/ for identity verification , I could only choose provinces in Mainland China ?
What are the strategies for promoting the HMS Core Toolkit ?
What are the security measures of HuaweI AppTouch ?
I want to release Quick Game , how can I do that ?
Can you explain the JSON file update policy ?
Could I add a category when creating an ability ？
Is it possible to have multiple accounts with the same phone number or email address ?
HuaweI EMUI theme cooperation meaning
Would a media application be reviewed ?
I seek to integrate the Share Kit . What are the format requirements for APKs ?
Could I simultaneously debug on two computers with the same account ?
What kind of payment requirements are there when releasing an app ?
I wish to get help in paid themes .
What are Joint Operations Services ?
How to increase the activity recognition success rate ?
The algorithm for the signature certificate of my app is SHA1withRSA . Can I use it ?
How do I access HuaweI AppTouch Channel Guide ?
Where could I send the report when I sign in to HuaweI Developer and a dialog box indicates that I should perform security evaluation and asked to submit a report ?
I would like to use HuaweI QuickApp IDE . How do I do that ?
I wish to analyze ad effectiveness . How can I do that ?
Which awareness capabilities require cloud capabilities ? why are the cloud capabilities required ?
What 's the UNK time for the app review process ?
What should I do if the name of the APK I 'm uploading is already in use ?
I want to convert dp and sp to px .
Ways to start joint operations .
Why ca n't I utilize the API ?
Why is it saying the application for integrating DTM SDK 4.0.0.300 is not accepted ?
I have questions about the different CameraKit modes .
UNK of Unity supported
How do I find the location of a problem detected during a stability test ?
To calculate the storage space on Cloud Hosting , what rules are needed ?
Are joint operation apps supposed to end with .huawei ?
What should DeviceVirtualization Kit do ?
How would I be able to configure a gift ?
How can I leave the related card ability intact while upgrading the quick app in HuaweI AppGallery ?
How could I fix common signature verification problems ?
What are the application functions and scenarios of ICustomVariable and ICustomTag ?
Where may I send the report when I sign in to HuaweI Developer and a dialog box indicates that I should perform security evaluation and asked to submit a report ?
Is there a way to change languages in Console for an account registered on the HuaweI Developer English site ?
I 'm trying to set up an account on HuaweI Developer .
Could CaaS Kit Lite use video data as the video source for video calls ? Are there any data restrictions ?
What can ICustomVariable and ICustomTag do to my app ?
Means to fix an app rejection ?
How long does it take to integrate an ability to HUAWEI Ability Gallery ?
I want to register for an account on HuaweI Developer .
How should I fix " application package name provided by un - trusted source " message ?
Shall I be able to request a refund in the background after payment ?
What is the use of HuaweI Cast+ Kit ?
What is HuaweI OneHop ?
Does only one payment UI exist ? Does any other payment UI exist ?
I 'd like to apply for a DUNS number .
What requirements do I need for content rating ?
Does HuaweI Awareness Kit have a limit on the number of geo - fences ?
Am I able to modify the identity verification information that is under review ?
In terms of payment , how are the differences between the sandbox testing environment and the formal environment test ?
Can I complete the verification process if I 'm not able to have access to the phone numbers of the location I selected ?
Do I want to configure a result callback address ?
What could I do if a 6003 error occurs when I connect to HMS core ?
How can error 60055 recur during testing ?
Can I select several sizes when creating an ad unit ?
Why after writing multiple data with overlapping time intervals , the query results do not match what has been written ?
Can I access HuaweI Account Kit to let users sign in to my app using their HuaweI IDs even if I have my own account management service ?
Is it possible to edit and configure the function of compiling , when compiling a project with multiple app packages ?
Means to release an app outside China . Are there any language requirements ?
Means to fix HwOneHopSdk error message when I edit the app code ?
Can you tell me what HMS Core Toolkit is used for ?
How could I use Customer Service ?
Do you need a HuaweI phone to use DeviceVirtualization Kit ?
What is the amount of team members for a team ?
Currently , the Add HMS API scheme is used in most cases . How would I ensure success of tool - based conversion ?
Why am I not able to see the actual function during the NFC test when multi - screen collaboration is launched ?
Unable to create new version as long as the version is in Releasing state on Cloud Hosting .
Where can I register a level 2 operation account ?
Can getDeviceList give an empty result ?
Do I need to learn how to submit my app to release Abilities on HuaweI Ability Gallery ?
I want to set font - weight .
If " Invalid Credentials " message is given when calling an API , what should I do next ?
I wish to reset my password .
Could I analyze ad effectiveness ?
What can I do to check viruses on an app ?
Can I find out whether a product supports certain capabilities ?
How am I supposed to complain about pirated apps ?
May developers endorse other apps ?
What should I do if I have n't received payment from HuaweI 30 days after the settlement sheet has been confirmed ?
In what ways do virtualized cameras support the Android native capabilities ?
What is the difference between Authorization Code - based integration and ID Token - based integration ?
Am I able to issue only one invoice for various settlement sheets ?
The screen of my HuaweI device becomes black and I can not use it . How can I solve this problem ?
Is there a way to transfer the app from Account A to Account B ?
HuaweI OneHop function
If I have developed multiple cards , do I need to learn how to generate rpk packages for them separately ?
Why is GetAvailableDevice unable to obtain any device ?
How to initiate joint operations ?
Are there any regulations on the release of security - related apps outside China ?
How many addresses can a user have with HUAWEI Identity Kit ?
Would error 60055 be replicated during testing ?
Can you explain what HuaweI Watch Face Design Specification is ?
How to administer team accounts ?
After 30 days from the settlement sheet being confirmed , there is still no payment from Huawei , why ?
I 'm trying to query which capabilities the kit supports .
How to apply for merchant service ?
Can success be ensured when tool - based conversion is used ?
I wish to use registerOneHop ( ) before invoking other APIs .
How can the developers using HuaweI AppGallery be helped in improving the ranking of their apps ?
Why did Rejection : Lack of Disclaimer , Copyright Certificate or Computer Software Copyright Registration Document appear ?
On the running environment , what contingencies are required from the service ?
What can I do if a message indicating failure to connect to the server is displayed while I view saved games in HuaweI Assistant ?
What is Content Ability ?
Can you tell me who are the persons capable of enabling a Team account ?
Can you define HuaweI Ads ?
Could the video data be used as the video source for video calls in CaaS Kit Lite ?
Is there any UNK cost for Cloud Debugging ?
I 'm trying to get merchant service . How do I do that ?
How am I supposed to fix HwOneHopSdk error message when I edit code in the app ?
What are the guides in viewing and exporting reports of revenue ?
My application is not on http://app.hicloud.com , why ?
Must app icons , screenshots , names , versions , features , and other app information be consistent with the audited app information ?
UNK the event analysIs data report on the day I integrated HuaweI Analytics Kit into my app , why is this ?
Why ca n't I receive files via ConfirmRecvFile ?
What are the ways to upload themes ?
How can I make different themes ?
What is considered a normal width of a card ?
I would like to use apI console . How can I do that ?
What version of HuaweI AppGallery is required to have access to quick apps ?
It 's been 30 days since the settlement sheet UNK , why have n't I received any payment from HuaweI yet ?
What are the default dimensions of a card ?
The signature algorithm for the app signature certificate is SHA1withRSA . Will this affect my app ?
Is there a default width of a card and what is it ?
Why ca n't I view AppGallery Connect comments after 30 days ?
I 'd like to know the languages supported by HMS SDK .
When will my invoice be no UNK valid ?
When is the obtainOwnedPurchases API called ?
I 'd like to verify my identity but my location ca n't be found in the list . What to do ?
Can I connect with the ecosystem via HuaweI Ability Gallery ?
What 's prohibiting me from using mock mode ?
What would happen if you did not sign in in a HuaweI ID and the user UNK to use the functions provided by HuaweI Identity Kit ?
What are the payment service prerequisites ?
Why ca n't I see the actual function during the NFC test when Multi - Screen Collaboration is launched ?
Can you explain what HMS Core Toolkit is ?
How to view and export reports of revenue ?
Is DevEco IDE free ? How do I get it ?
Is there a way for HuaweI Awareness Kit to meet my requirements ?
Could user data in the HuaweI Health app be read when the device screen is locked ?
In order for cloud capabilities , which awareness capabilities are necessary ?
Do I need to have a bank account in China in order to receive payments for products that I released there ?
How would I deal with an exception that occurs during HuaweI Awareness Kit call ?
Can a disabled Bluetooth from a phone detect a Bluetooth headset ?
How could I get capability objects ?
I do n't have my own AI model , can I leverage HuaweI device ’s AI capabilities ?
What is HMS Core Toolkit 's intended function ?
When a new version is available , will Quick App Center be upgraded on its own ?
I 'm looking to integrate the Share Kit . What are the format requirements for APKs ?
How do I know what the differences between signature algorithm and signature verification algorithm are ?
What is the function of HuaweI Ads ?
What is HuaweI HiAI Mobile Computing Platform 's intended function ?
How are ads managed ?
What UNK can you use in installing HMS Core Toolkit ?
Could error 60055 repeat during testing ?
Why can the code run during development and debugging , but can not discover other devices ?
Shall I use Customer Service ?
How can you read the user data of the HuaweI Health app on a locked screen ?
What is the maximum number of geofences ?
Can the server verify a signature ?
In GB , how much storage space can it use ?
Am I able to modify the classification after the app / game is released ?
Is App Ability available in HuaweI web browser ?
Which development languages are being supported currently ? Is React Native going to be supported ?
What should I do to get to HuaweI HiHealth Download Center ?
How am I supposed to call the API ?
Why do I see the version stay on Releasing on Cloud Hosting ?
I 'm trying to download HuaweI Themes Tool .
How do you guide users to use the new feature ?
Where can I see the comments of the users of my app ?
What purpose does Cloud Debugging serve ?
I 'm trying to enable the payment service .
Is it allowed to add a category when creating an ability ?
Are Ability statistics available through the developer portal ?
New app names ( ending with @huawei.com ) are necessary for the integration with HMS Core .
How could I register a level 1 operation account ?
As a developer , how could I edit authorization status of client accounts ?
How do I run initialization using InitShareKit ?
How long is the range of the IAP public key obtained on the console ?
Why is verifying my identity necessary ?
Why is ConfirmRecvFile unable receive files ?
How do I obtain capability objects ?
In the Chinese version of the AppGallery client , am I allowed to search for apps I uploaded from non - Chinese developer accounts ?
Why is TransFile not sending the documents ?
Where will the report be submitted when I sign in to HuaweI Developer and a dialog box shows , UNK that I perform security evaluation and asked to submit a report ?
When may I receive revenue from my apps or games that have accessed HuaweI Pay ?
I 'd like to fix a 6003 error connecting to HMS core .
How should I fix testing task stuck in a queue ?
Could I complete the verification process if I do n't have access to the phone numbers of the location I selected ?
While purchase token is being verified , are there any restrictions on the frequency of access token requests ?
Where do ability cards redirect users ?
How do I set up a level 1 operation account ?
How do I alter the company name ?
When the app calls the payment API , it shows " Ca n't get applicationinfo by applicationid " . What shall I do when this happens ?
Why am I obliged to verify my identity ?
What happens when error code 907135003 is returned when I call HMS Core ( APK ) ?
Where may I see event reports ?
Does HuaweI support APK extension accounts supported by Google Play Store ?
Would I be able to alter language settings in console after creating an account on the HuaweI Developer English site ?
When may I get the top - up invoice for this month ?
How may I find my Huawei 's merchant contract ? Can I get it stamped ?
Can you take me to Theme Introduction Specification ?
Can I guide users to use the new feature ?
Could there be any difference between the name of the bank account used to add money to the promotion account and the verified company name ?
Are there differences in the usage of UNK in getCameraInfo and getCameraParameters ?
Will the HuaweI Ads Publisher Console UNK take into account revenue sharing ?
What are the requirements for naming an app ?
When applying for paid promotion tests for apps / games , what details are necessary ?
Why am I told that I still have n't received payment from HuaweI 30 days after the settlement sheet has been confirmed ?
How to do SDK download ?
How may I get rid of my HuaweI ID ?
What 's JSON file policy updates ?
Can you tell me what HuaweI Themes Design Specification is used for ?
What southbound devices are approved ?
How would I make the fonts larger on the hms core toolkit ?
I 'm stuck with an error that occurs when I reference the Android support library after integrating the BioAuthn - AndroidX SDK . What do I do ?
Explain Team account .
Does HuaweI Awareness Kit monitor the amount of geo - fences ?
Are NFC tags handled by app developers or UNK UNK ?
Can I make a signing certificate change during app version update ?
How ca n't I locate an app on the AppGallery client after the app 's approval has been released ?
How may I check the comments of the users of my app ?
How can I download SDK .
Could an individual developer activate the payment service ?
How long does the app review process take ?
Can I request a refund in the background after payment ?
How does OneHop work ?
Can I separately adjust the version numbers of the quick app and the card engine ?
What are ICustomVariable and ICustomTag responsible for when it comes to applications ?
May I have games with IAP payments in APP TOUCH ?
If I am not from China and I need to release a product there , do I need to have a bank account in China in order to receive payments ?
What I 'd like to be aware of when entering merchant information ?
What should I do when the system informs me that I do n't have permission to create a promotion task , when using the paid promotion service ?
How to use card abilities ?
How can my app fail review while others that do not comply with standards are still on HuaweI AppTouch ?
When 's the best time to call obtainOwnedPurchases API ?
Way to make the fonts larger on the hms core toolkit ?
When compiling xms adapter code separately , the hms core toolkit shows a message saying that I do not have static or dynamic permissions , what could I do then ?
Right after deleting site successfully on Cloud Hosting , the version is unchanged .
How do I fix slow or unsuccessful recognition of planes ?
Can the merchant service be enabled if the location of identity verification is not the same as the location of the company ’s public account ?
What are the OneHop 's characteristics ?
What is HuaweI Cloud Testing 's intended function ?
How do I get merchant service ?
How can I oversee console ?
Why can not I use the mock mode ?
Why do I see the version stay on Removing on Cloud Hosting ?
What kind of wearable devices can be used with HuaweI Awareness Kit ?
Is there a requirement for the SHA-256 certificate for signature verification ?
Why ca n't I modify some settings of my remote device and test my app without Settings crashing ?
May I know what DevEco IDE is ?
Could the identity verification information that is under review be changed ?
What phones are DeviceVirtualization Kit available for ?
Why does the RRI data vary ?
Can you tell me what quick app IDE is used for ?
Can I obtain a query of capabilities that the kit supports ?
When is it necessary to use the payment service ?
What is the use of Team account ?
I 'm looking to integrate HuaweI Cast+ Kit . What are the format requirements for APKs ?
Can you introduce HuaweI HiHealth ?
May quick app background account be used in HuaweI background ?
Define HMS Core Toolkit .
What is the amount of UNK user addresses by HUAWEI Identity Kit for a user ?
After a successful version change , the version remains unchanged on Cloud Hosting . What should I do ?
How can I bring back a site that is down on Cloud Hosting ?
When should my top - up amount get credited to my account ?
Do I want to sign HuaweI HuaweI AppTouch Joint Operations Service Agreement ?
How to enable payment service ?
Are there any payment requirements when launching an app outside China ?
Can you present HuaweI Themes ?
Can HuaweI Ability Gallery gather files from apps ?
How can I use HuaweI Identity Kit without having HuaweI Account Kit ?
The signature algorithm for the app signature certificate is SHA1withRSA . Would this affect my app ?
Is HuaweI the only brand supported by DeviceVirtualization Kit ?
How can I use registerOneHop ( ) to invoke other APIs ?
Could HuaweI Location Kit be applied on non - HuaweI phones ?
May client accounts be managed by level 2 account users ?
Are there any differences between FIDO2 error codes Fido2Status and CtapStatus ?
How can I solve the version staying on Releasing on Cloud Hosting ?
When may I see and download bills ?
Can you show me my app users ' comments ?
How much does Cloud Debugging cost ?
I want to know the usual radius for a geofence .
Ways to publish a new app .
What libraries do I have to get UNK in order to link to HuaweI IAP ?
I need to use registerOneHop ( ) before invoking other APIs .
Is accessing App Ability possible in HuaweI web browser ?
What is necessary in order to use the merchant service ?
Can other apps be recommended by developers ?
Why is the version still the same after updating Cloud Hosting ?
How to stop " null " return when the user makes the query and tries to read data ?
What may I do to protect my account ?
In the Chinese version of the AppGallery client , can I search for apps I uploaded from non - Chinese developer accounts ?
Do I need to provide any iNPUts for using the DMSDP virtualization service ?
Would the developers using HuaweI AppGallery be helped in improving the ranking of their apps ?
What should I do if I get error code 907135003 when I call HMS Core ( APK ) ?
UNK the cyber security due diligence
By what means can you install HMS Core Toolkit ?
Where could I access the service agreement ?
How do I make new themes ?
Is the revenue amount in the report on the HuaweI Ads Publisher Console the amount before or after revenue sharing ?
If the current capabilities of HuaweI Awareness Kit can not meet my requirements , what should I do ?
How should I be able to use Customer Service ?
What may a business do to partner with Huawei ?
What are the conditions on using FIDO2 ?
I want to use HuaweI Identity Kit but I do n't want to integrate HuaweI Account Kit into my app . Can it be done ?
What is the registration process for a level 2 operation account ?
Do the app icons , screenshots , names , versions , features , and other app information must be consistent with the audited app information ?
Is it the app developers who need to handle NFC tags ?
What are the UNK total lengths of access_token and refresh_token ?
Where am I allowed to apply for merchant service ?
What are the directions for sharing my app ?
I need to check whether my smartphone supports the NPU .
Is a fee deducted when you purchase non - subscriptions in the sandbox testing environment ?
Do I have to integrate HMS SDK into my app so that it can use Drive capabilities ?
I 'd like to make the actual function during the NFC test show up when multi - screen collaboration is launched .
Shall the geofence function be utilized both indoor and outdoor ?
Am I able to revise the disclaimer for an app to be released in Mainland China ?
How can you find the policies of HuaweI ads ?
UNK the purchase token verification , does the restriction on the frequency of access token requests exist ?
How does error code 502 show up ?
How many hours will it take to review a media application ?
How do I adapt my AI model to the accepted HiAI model format ?
What can I do with unused funds in my advertiser account ?
I do n't have my own AI model but I need to learn how to leverage HuaweI device 's AI capabilities . How can I do that ?
If I do not have the credentials for issuing advertising invoices such as for advertising service fees and advertising fees , what can I do ?
Where am I supposed to see event reports ?
Can tool - based conversion become successful ?
How should I be able to configure a gift ?
What can I do to get to HuaweI HiHealth Download Center ?
What are the formats that an OAID has ?
How to fix a 6003 error connecting to HMS Core ?
Means to fix error code 6 when the web API is called ?
How is the OAID different when it is obtained by integrating the SDK and by calling the AIDL API ?
How could I publish a new app ?
How can the merchant service 's contact information be updated ?
I need information about Ad Slots .
Does HuaweI Ability Gallery gather data from apps ?
What southbound devices are UNK ?
Means to find my app ID .
Could I check whether my smartphone is compatible with the NPU ?
What are the changes in the OAID when it is acquired by integrating the SDK and by calling the AIDL API ?
App Ability , how do I use it ?
I 'm looking to reset my password .
How do I use AudioKit ?
Am I able to have games with IAP payments in APP TOUCH ?
Why does my app get rejected ?
When could my revenue from my apps and games that have accessed HuaweI IAP be obtained ?
How can the signature algorithm for the app signature certificate , SHA1withRSA , affect my app in any ways ?
I want to create an ad . What are the steps ?
Is the amount shown in the revenue report of the HuaweI Ads Publisher Console presented before or after sharing of revenue ?
How do I locate a problem such as crash or ANR detected during a stability test ?
When shall I get revenue from applications and games that utilize HuaweI Pay ?
How to use the activity recognition function ?
Using my level 1 account , how should I top up and request for invoice ?
UNK app name
Where do I locate bank information on merchant service pages ?
How to change the name of an app ?
I have a smart watch , can it be used with HuaweI Awareness Kit ?
How many device models am I allowed to select when running a test ?
Means to use HuaweI QuickApp IDE ?
What steps should I follow if a site is inaccessible on Cloud Hosting ?
May you read the HuaweI Health app 's user data on a locked screen ?
What will happen if you use the functions provided by HuaweI Identity Kit without signing in with a HuaweI ID ?
What is the purpose of Share Kit ?
Could getDeviceList give an empty result ?
How shall I be able to check the names of the app IDs and app packages ?
Should the signature algorithm for the app signature certificate , SHA1withRSA , affect my app in any ways ?
How to troubleshoot slow or unsuccessful recognition of planes ?
When was the activity recognition function first available ?
How UNK are the size of cache files of a quick app ?
When should I UNK - start the SDK ?
Can app sharing be done by the user ?
Do any differences exist between the getVirtualDevicesList API and the startDiscovery API ?
What do ICustomVariable and ICustomTag do ?
What should I do if my test is being executed ?
How to oversee ad unit ?
Can you explain what is CaaS Kit ?
Would I be able to customize my user role ?
Does the service have any requirements on the running environment ?
Shall I request a refund in the background after payment ?
Is there a limit to the number of members a team can have ?
Why is GetAvailableDevice not obtaining any device ?
Could the tool identify APIs of these Kits ?
Who can access the HuaweI HiHealth platform ?
Why did my app not make the review ?
How to handle ads ?
What happens on the media client if the request for a rewarded ad fails ?
How do I access quick app IDE ?
How is user data UNK of by business partners ?
How to use HMS Toolkit to store AppGallery Connect configuration file to a project directory ?
Are my permissions configured in such a way to use DeviceVirtualization Kit ?
What are OneHop 's main features ?
What does it mean that the signature fails to be authenticated on the server 's side ?
Can you UNK me to Huawei 's Theme Service Specification ?
Could HuaweI Location Kit be used on non - HuaweI phones ?
Can the public payment key be visible on the app ?
How do I see a released ability 's operations data ?
The authorization code obtained using the account.authorize ( ) API is valid for how long ?
When the app calls the payment API , the message " Ca n't get applicationinfo by applicationid " is displayed . Why does this issue occur and what shall I do ?
What can I do to fix the version not changing immediately after deleting version successfully on Cloud Hosting ?
When shall I be able to get the top - up invoice for this month ?
May I utilize my quick app background account in HuaweI background ?
What are the possible reasons why I ca n't submit app media for review ?
Ways to configure the activity link to the main page of an ability ? What is the function of the link .
What purpose does HuaweI Media Service Usage Agreement serve ?
What does a content rating require ?
Should the geofence function be used only outdoor ?
Why can an app fail the review ?
Why is it necessary to provide my ID card , passport , driver ’s license , or bank card for identity verification ?
Can an app be submitted for review ?
Would the integration of CaaS Kit Lite service to meet UX requirements be customized by developers ?
Am I allowed to add a category when creating an ability ？
How can I top up ?
What functions does HuaweI AR offer ?
Where does my data go to once a business partner gets it ?
What support does the AppGallery badge service provide ?
How much storage space does Drive use ?
I have a level 1 operation account . How do I manage funds ?
When would I be able to receive revenue from my apps or games that have accessed HuaweI IAP ?
What could I be aware of when entering merchant information ?
Am I required to have any permission configurations in order to use DeviceVirtualization Kit ?
How does HuaweI HiAI Mobile Computing Platform work ?
How should I be able to access the operations data about the quick app after its release ?
How could I locate a problem such as crash or ANR detected during a stability test ?
How to avoid getting the version unchanged immediately after deleting version successfully on Cloud Hosting ?
Define NFC .
For the API called by your server to check the validity of the purchase token , how long it is valid ?
Shall I be able to avoid having the public payment key be exposed on the app ?
Where could I see event reports ?
I seek to get help in paid themes .
Ways to sign HuaweI AppTouch Joint Operations Service Agreement online .
What can I do if the present capabilities of HuaweI Awareness Kit can not meet my requirements ?
When could I receive the top - up invoice for this month ?
I want to know the languages that are supported by HMS SDK .
How could I start joint operations ?
How do you use HuaweI QuickApp IDE ?
How may I upload themes ?
Can I request access tokens without any restrictions during the purchase token verification ?
What kind of format does an OAID have ?
I wish to see HuaweI Themes Cooperation Agreement .
How long should it take to integrate an ability to HUAWEI Ability Gallery ?
Ways to fix an app rejection ? .
What happened to the data that is supposed to be on the app debugging page , after HuaweI Analytics Kit is integrated ?
How may I add new contact to the merchant service ?
Ways to integrate the Share Kit . What are the format requirements for APKs ? .
How can I add app and unit ?
What are the format requirements for APKs that need to integrate HuaweI Cast+ Kit ?
I want to enable the merchant service .
How to be an account holder ?
How is signature algorithm different from signature verification algorithm ?
How do I find the HMS menu on the HMS Core ToolKit plugin ?
How could I be an account holder ?
Where would I be able to view the version of HMS Core ( APK ) ?
How can I access the operations data about the quick app after its release ?
What are the measures needed before executing a payment service ?
What to do to see operations data for a released ability ?
Does the user have to log in to my app using a HuaweI ID ? Can other accounts be used ?
The API ca n't be UNK , why ?
Ways to fix " HiHealthError . ERR_SCOPE_EXCEPTION " .
Can the developers be helped in any step to improve the ranking of their apps in HuaweI AppGallery ?
When am I able to see and download bills ?
DeviceVirtualization Kit , what does it do ?
I 'd like to configure the activity link to the main page of an ability ? What is the function of the link .
How would I be able to receive the ability statistics through the developer portal ?
Where can I find HuaweI HiHealth Download Center ?
I want to find my app ID .
Would I leave the related card ability intact while upgrading the quick app in HuaweI AppGallery ?
Can I know why are the real - time heart rate data and RRI data not continuous ?
A user can have how many addresses in HUAWEI Identity Kit ?
How can we interchange apps between accounts ?
How would I fix UNK fonts ?
Where do I go to find the process of settlement ?
I have to submit an app for review .
If the message says " Invalid Credentials " when calling an API , what will be the next step ?
For the cache files of a quick app , are there size UNK ?
Would developers alter the integration of CaaS Kit Lite service to meet UX requirements ?
What permissions are required when it comes to application ?
What tax qualification shall I choose ?
Steps for making a new ad .
What do I do if I want to include games with IAP payments in APP TOUCH ?
Am I able to reload my paid promotion account with credit card ?
Why do I have to show proof to verify my identity ?
Can developers UNK the integration of CaaS Kit Lite service to meet UX requirements ?
What is the maximum length of the IAP license key received on the console ?
I have registered my account on the HuaweI Developer English site , may I switch languages in console ?
May I get help in paid themes ?
How do I get the ability statistics through the developer portal ?
Using my level 1 operation account , can I manage level 2 accounts ?
How may I complete the Cyber Security and Protection Due Diligence ?
How am I able to update my HuaweI individual Developer account into an enterprise account without changing any of the contact information ?
Why ca n't I invoke the API ?
Could my paid promotion account be UNK up with credit card ?
How can you install HMS Core Toolkit ?
How can I benefit from HuaweI AR ?
If the current capabilities of HuaweI Awareness Kit can not meet my requirements , what shall I do ?
When calling an API , what may I do if the message says " Invalid Credentials " ?
Am I able to use one account to debug on two computers at once ?
What is the next step when you get an error in your transaction stating that it is rejected and can try again later when using a bank card to pay for a transaction on the client ?
If there are any differences between signature and signature verification algorithms , what are they ?
How can I update from an individual into an enterprise account while keeping my phone number ?
Can I register numerous accounts with the same phone number or email address ?
I would like to use my own AI model . How am I able to do that ?
Why am I not able to get any data on the app debugging page after HuaweI Analytics Kit is integrated ?
What does it mean that I need to contact the merchant representative after merchant authentication fails on the HuaweI console with the IAP function enabled ?
The DevEco IDE , how can I access it ?
Where may I find the operations data about the quick app after it is released ?
Should I be able to use the tool to convert Firebase services ?
When were quick apps first introduced to HuaweI AppGallery ?
In what ways could the developers be helped to improve the ranking of their apps in HuaweI AppGallery ?
When will I see my top - up amount added to my account ?
What are the principles for displaying the product price and unit on a player 's mobile phone ? Based on the player 's location ?
Does HuaweI Awareness Kit have a maximum number of geo - fences ?
In the moment of deleting site successfully on Cloud Hosting , the version is unchanged .
What could have gone wrong that UNK with problems when registering a HuaweI ID ?
How does integrating the SDL and calling the AIDL API change the OAID ?
What would I do when the system informs me that I do n't have permission to create a promotion task , when using the paid promotion service ?
How do I download SDK .
How can I check whether my smartphone is able to handle the new NPU ?
How much storage space ( GB ) does it UNK ?
How do I operate console ?
Why is the price specified by amount different from the actual price when the createPurchaseIntentWithPrice API is called for payment ?
How can I choose a tax qualification ?
Who can support API from the list of developer environments ?
When should I turn on the SDK ?
Am I able to request a refund in the background after payment ?
Could error 60055 recur during testing ?
Am I able to get a list of capabilities supported by the kit ?
What rules are needed to calculate the storage space on Cloud Hosting ?
Does HuaweI Identity Kit for mobile phones and software have any specific requirements ?
How could I improve the activity recognition success rate ?
When a user uses a bank card to pay for a transaction on the client , an error message is displayed , indicating that the transaction is rejected and the user needs to try again later . Why does this issue occur ?
Where am I able to find the process of settlement ?
When you do an OAID reset , does it take effect on all your devices ?
May a quick game package 's name be the same as an online game package 's name ?
What are the functions of FIDO2 error codes Fido2Status and CtapStatus ?
How would I apply for settlement ?
I want to use UNK UNK . Is it possible to do that with Android native capabilities ?
What does the DeviceVirtualization Kit require ?
Could HuaweI Location Kit be utilized on non - HuaweI phones ?
Is there a problem in mock mode ?
Do separate RPK packages have to be UNK for multiple cards ?
In what ways do the FIDO2 error codes differ from Fido2Status and CtapStatus ?
How should I get development guide for HuaweI AR ?
What is the purpose of HuaweI Cast+ Kit ?
How is a team account enabled ?
What is the restriction on the maximum payment amount in HuaweI IAP ?
Can distribution to Mainland China and other countries be done at the same time if it 's just one theme package ?
I 'm trying to redeem leftover funds in my advertiser account .
How am I supposed to get HuaweI AppTouch Channel Guide ?
Are there any input requirements to use the DMSDP virtualization service ?
How does the AppGallery badge services operate ?
I 'm trying to apply for settlement .
When obtaining a device 's IP address , which port is used by HuaweI Cast+ Kit ?
May the AppGallery client place and show an alias ?
I want to build and configure the AI model conversion environment to convert my own AI model to HiAI format .
The version is not changed immediately after creating version successfully on Cloud Hosting .
Do I need to have a privacy statement ? How to prepare and release the privacy statement ?
What does it mean when there is no preview , or if the preview blackscreens ?
I am having UNK submitting my app media for review , why ?
What does IDE support ?
What can I use to identify myself ?
How do you show users the new feature ?
I want to do paid promotion .
If requesting a rewarded ad fails , what could I do on the media client ?
What is the max length of the IAP public key acquired on the console
Shall an individual developer turn on the payment service ?
List of languages the IDE supports
Are Drive functions strongly relying on HuaweI ID ?
Means of adding app and unit ?
What should I do if error code 907135003 is returned when I call HMS Core ( APK ) ?
The payment page can not be displayed on a non - HuaweI mobile phone , and error code 1 or 907135003 is returned . In this case , what could I do ?
How can CaaS Kit Lite use video data as the video source for video calls ? Are there any data restrictions ?
What are the common reasons for inability to invoke the API ?
How quickly is the app review process done ?
I want to release Quick Game , how may I do that ?
How can I select between sync or async APIs ?
Which devices are able to run HuaweI AR Engine ?
May I modify the identity verification information that is under review ?
Based on the player 's location , what are the principles for displaying the product price and unit on a player 's mobile phone ?
Does the DMSDP virtualization service require any iNPUts ?
Could you launch AudioKit ?
Could I access HuaweI Account Kit to enable users to log in to my app using their HuaweI IDs even if I have my own account management service ?
I modified the APK package name . May I still use it to update the corresponding application ?
Are there payment requirements when an app is released outside China ?
APKs that need to integrate Huawei Cast+ Kit need to satisfy which format requirements ?
May a free subscription be used for a while ?
What are the requirements for the activity recognition function ?
What will happen if a user attempts to use the functions that 's offered by HuaweI Identity Kit without signing in using a HuaweI ID ?
I 'm trying to integrate the HuaweI Ads SDK .
I 'm trying to make the fonts larger on the hms core toolkit .
How to enable the payment service ?
What is the difference between the signature and signature verification algorithms ?
What is the total length for access_token and refresh_token ?
How to fix a 6003 error connecting to HMS Core ?
Why does the version remain the same instantly after erasing version successfully on Cloud Hosting ?
What is the next directive if the signature fails to be verified on the server 's side ?
How am I capable of using Customer Service ?
HuaweI AR Engine is supported by what phones ?
What steps are essential before making a payment service ?
What should I do with status code 10010 , 10011 , and 10012 when a function is called ?
Would I call init API when starting a game ?
Would success be ensured when tool - based conversion is used ?
Developer environments that support API
Will I be able to see contacts from outside UNK on MeeTime ?
Resolutions in getCameraInfo and getCameraParameters , where are they used ?
Does apps released outside of China must have a privacy policy link provided by it 's developer ?
Is it possible to get an empty result with getDeviceList ?
Which languages does the HMS SDK support ?
Why would you use Share Kit ?
Is registerOneHop ( ) required to invoke other APIs ?
Should you introduce HuaweI HiHealth ?
What should I do if I 'm trying to change my signing certificate during app version update ?
How to change the app name ?
What happens when there is no preview , or if the preview blackscreens ?
The support covers what versions of Unity ?
Are rewarded ads available in landscape orientation ?
How would I verify my identity ?
Ways to enable a team account .
What should I do if I do not have the HQ phone number and work phone number of the country / region that I selected when I try to get my identity verified ?
What could be the reasons why I ca n't use the API ?
Can I read about the process of settlement ?
Unity versions supported
How does using a HuaweI ID to sign in to a non - game app different with using a HuaweI ID to sign in to a game app ?
What is the list of languages supported by HMS SDK ?
Why has my app been rejected ?
How much is the price for cloud debugging ?
Can I use HMS Toolkit to automatically save AppGallery Connect configuration file to my project directory ?
I seek to fix a 6003 error connecting to HMS core ?
How can I fix the version staying on Removing on Cloud Hosting ?
Could a media application be reviewed immediately ?
CaaS Kit , what does it do ?
How do I stop HwOneHopSdk displaying an error message when I edit code in the app ?
I want to contact the account holder .
In the Chinese version of the AppGallery client , would I be able to search for apps I uploaded from non - Chinese developer accounts ?
Should the public payment key be exposed on the app ?
What are the UNK of the FIDO2 error codes Fido2Status and CtapStatus ?
What can I do when I call the apI and then the message says " Invalid Credentials " ?
What are the work UNK of rewarded videos ?
What could I do to get to HuaweI HiHealth Download Center ?
Why does a " 400 Bad Request invalidArgument " message return when the configurations are correct ?
What shall I do if my test is being executed ?
What may I do if a 6003 error occurs when I connect to HMS core ?
Under what circumstances is the payment service needed ?
UNK IDE supports
What are the UNK options after using the free debugging time on Cloud Debugging ?
Can the payment service be enabled by an individual developer ?
What would I use HuaweI Cloud Testing for ?
What is the purpose of HuaweI OneHop ?
What is the wait time for HuaweI Developer to review my documents ?
What steps could I take on the media client if the request for a rewarded ad fails ?
What could I do if the current capabilities of HuaweI Awareness Kit can not meet my requirements ?
How do I UNK the public payment key on the app ?
I want to communicate with the account holder .
Can non - HuaweI phones be used for testing ?
Can I use my quick app background account in HuaweI background ?
What is HuaweI Themes Design Specification ?
What are the requirements for releasing Abilities on HuaweI Ability Gallery ?
When I sign in to HuaweI Developer and a dialog box indicates that I should perform security evaluation and asked me to submit a report , where can I send the report ?
How can I associate with the ecosystem using HuaweI Ability Gallery ?
Do I need to have HuaweI Account Kit in my app to use HuaweI Identity Kit ?
How do I apply for permissions ?
How to operate HuaweI QuickApp IDE ?
What is the price of applying for more time after the free debugging time is used up ?
Is there a fee for purchasing non - subscriptions in the sandbox testing environment ?
The signature algorithm for the app signature certificate is SHA1withRSA . May this have any effect on my app ?
Is there any limit on the maximum payment amount in HuaweI IAP ?
What does NFC do ?
Does HUAWEI Identity Kit allow for adding different user addresses ?
What do I need to do to fix my HuaweI device ? UNK the screen becomes black and I can not use it .
How do I fix an app rejection ?
How can I establish my payment service ?
What purpose does Team account serve ?
Why am I UNK that the name of the APK I 'm uploading is already being used ?
After my app / game has been released , am I able to change the category ?
What development languages can I use right now ? Are they considering to support React Native in the future ?
Might I use the algorithm for the signature certificate of my app , SHA1withRSA ?
Could I change the category of my app / game after it has been released ?
An error 907135702 code appears when I connect to HMS Core , what shall I do ?
Ways to protect my account .
What are the procedures for naming an app ?
What is the meaning of Quick App Scenarios ?
Explain Quick app .
What does ICustomVariable and ICustomTag do to applications ?
How can I register a level 2 operation account ?
Could the AppGallery client place and show an alias ?
Define AppTouch .
How do virtualized cameras use Android native capabilities ?
How can HuaweI HuaweI AppTouch Joint Operations Service Agreement be signed ?
How much is the fee for UNK non - subscriptions in the sandbox testing environment ?
What concepts are used to display the player 's mobile phone 's product price and unit based on their location ?
I wish to choose a different sign in account . How will I do that ?
In landscape orientation , are rewarded ads available ?
Am I obliged to have a privacy statement ? How to prepare and release the privacy statement ?
Why is it when I sign in to https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/ for identity verification , I should only choose provinces in mainland China ?
Are there any payments needed when releasing an app in other foreign countries ?
How am I able to cancel my HuaweI ID ?
Should I still see the content of the old version still displayed after I open the new version of the quick app ?
Where can I get a DUNS number ?
I seek to release an app outside China . Are there any language requirements ?
How to obtain capability objects ?
There is no data in the event analysIs report for the day of HuaweI Analytics Kit integration to the app , what 's the reason ?
I need to make the fonts larger on the hms core toolkit .
Where do I see the service country / region ?
Would a theme package be distributed simultaneously to Mainland China and other regions ?
When I compile xms adapter code separately , hms core toolkit displays a message indicating that I do not have static or dynamic permissions . What would I do ?
What is Quick app ?
Do you have a Code - Sample of HuaweI HiHealth ?
What is HuaweI Themes Cooperation Agreement ?
How do I select sync or async APIs ?
What EMUI versions and phone models are supporting the activity recognition function ?
How can I enroll in HUAWEI HiAI ?
When will the settlement sheet be released ?
Would a result callback address be configured ?
What 's the usual radius for a geofence ?
What do I do if a " 400 Bad Request invalidArgument " message returned when the configurations are correct ?
Where would I be able to find reported events ?
Could an individual developer enable the payment service ?
" deep link " meaning App Ability
What could I do if a site is unable to connect to Cloud Hosting ?
What is quick app IDE 's intended function ?
Would this error code reoccur for testing again ?
I 'm unable to use mock mode , what 's causing it ?
Does Drive automatically encrypt files stored in it ?
What do I need to do if the application for integrating DTM SDK 4.0.0.300 is UNK ?
Ways to enlist in HUAWEI HiAI .
Will HuaweI Kits support tool - based conversion ?
How does HuaweI Media Service Usage Agreement work ?
What could Joint Operations Services presented as ?
Can you tell me what NFC is used for ?
When in developer console , why ca n't I upload screenshots UNK 5 ?
I would like to add app and unit . What are the steps ?
HMS Core Toolkit , how do I use it ?
How do I benefit from using paid promotions ?
Which business associates are able to access HuaweI HiHealth platform ?
What could I do when data reporting fails and the server returns error code 402 ?
Is the user meant to log in to my app using a HuaweI ID ? How may other accounts be used ?
How should I sign HuaweI apptouch joint operations service agreement online ?
Will the name of the bank account used to UNK funds to the promotion account be the same as the verified company name ?
What happened to the app debugging page after HuaweI Analytics Kit was integrated ?
Could multiple settlement sheets be issued with only one invoice ?
Where do I go to read the HuaweI Themes Cooperation Agreement ?
How do I check app IDs and app package names ?
The application for integrating DTM SDK 4.0.0.300 is rejected , what do I have to do ?
What steps shall I follow to design themes ?
How do I configure the function of compiling a project with multiple app packages ?
May I run a test with more than one device model ?
May I access App Ability in HuaweI web browser ?
Would I be able to access HuaweI Account Kit to let users sign in to my app using their HuaweI IDs even if I have my own account management service ?
May a paid promotion account be reloaded with credit card ?
What southbound devices are eligible ?
Could I have more information about error code 502 ?
What am I supposed to do if r-classes.jar conflict occurs ?
How to make GetAvailableDevice obtain any device ?
What could I do if r-classes.jar conflict occurs ?
UNK when are quick apps available in HuaweI AppGallery ?
Where am I able to access HuaweI ability gallery from the console ?
When should I UNK the SDK ?
How to UNK HiAI Foundation Tool ?
Can I use HuaweI Account Kit to let users sign in to my app using their HuaweI IDs even if I have my own account management service ?
Do you have information of Ad Slots ?
What is the UNK time I can use Cloud Debugging UNK ?
Are the members invited ?
After modifying the APK package name , would I be able to still use it to update the corresponding application ?
How would I be able to integrate the HuaweI Ads SDK ?
How should I fix slow or unsuccessful recognition of planes ?
How am I able to find the AppGallery Review Guidelines ?
When you purchase non - subscription in the sandbox testing environment , is there a fee deducted ?
Could you tell me about AudioKit ?
Would the signature verification be executed on the server ?
When the app calls the payment API , it shows " Ca n't get applicationinfo by applicationid " . What can I do when this happens ?
If a developer in UNK outside China UNK to release hIs or UNK product in the Chinese mainland , is it necessary to have a bank account in China to receive payments ?
Could n't find data in the event analysIs report on the day when HuaweI Analytics Kit is integrated into my app ?
Would tool - based conversion identify APIs on HuaweI Kits ?
How would I change the company information ?
Would ability cards redirect users ?
UNK on using FIDO2 .
I 'm looking to know the languages supported by HMS SDK .
Explain App Ability .
Am I required to pay when releasing an app ?
Can you show me how to access HuaweI Ability Gallery from my device ?
How can I read HuaweI Themes Cooperation Agreement ?
What documents do I need to verify my identity ?
What to do when merchant authentication fails on HuaweI console and I 'd like to contact the merchant representative ?
How is taking a high - precision location limited ?
Can you define HuaweI Media Service Usage Agreement ?
Can the rewarded ads be available in landscape orientation ?
How can third - party partners access third - party services or apps in the HuaweI Health app ?
What would I use HuaweI HiAI Mobile Computing Platform for ?
Could you introduce HuaweI HiAI Engine ?
What would I use HuaweI Watch Face Design Specification for ?
What was needed for my app to pass the review ?
Is there a restriction on the number of geo - fences on HuaweI Awareness Kit ?
What has been written , after writing multiple data with overlapping time intervals , and the query results do not match . Why ?
How can the Bluetooth on my phone detect a Bluetooth headset if it is not enabled ?
What UNK is needed for my identity ?
Could I update the merchant service 's contact information ?
Can you tell me who can activate a Team account ?
How would I upgrade a quick app in HuaweI AppGallery but not the related card ability ?
Is the tool supporting many different modules ?
What UNK are sent to HuaweI Analytics ?
Are FIDO2 error codes Fido2Status and CtapStatus similar ?
How may I complain about pirated apps ?
When the IAP function is enabled on the HuaweI console , a message is displayed , indicating that the merchant authentication fails and you need to contact the merchant representative . Why does this issue occur and what should I do ?
What kind of libraries will I have to import , if I wanted to connect to HuaweI IAP ?
What is the function of Quick game ?
Content Ability function
How would I make the system allow me to create a promotion task in the paid promotion service ?
How can I integrate the Share Kit ? What are the format requirements for APKs ?
What to do to connect with the ecosystem via HuaweI Ability Gallery .
Is there a way for third - party partners to access third - party services and apps in the HuaweI Health app ?
I need to learn how to build and configure the AI model conversion environment to convert my own AI model to HiAI format .
May you distribute a theme package to regions such as Mainland China and other countries all at once ?
I am in the process of purchasing token verification . Is there a limit on the frequency of access token requests during this time ?
How could I apply for merchant service ?
Could my app be updated if I modify its APK signature ?
Does the limit on the number of geofences exist ?
How come a code can run during development and debugging , but can not discover other devices ?
May level 2 account users handle client accounts ?
How should I change the company name ?
I want to switch languages in IDE . Can you tell me how ?
How can I improve the headset monitoring effect ?
Could an alias be placed and shown on the AppGallery client ?
Does DeviceVirtualization Kit support other phones besides Huawei ?
Where are users taken to by ability cards ?
How to handle team accounts ?
How to query which capabilities the kit supports ?
May I choose multiple sizes when creating an ad unit ?
It 's not letting me use the API , what could be the problem ?
How to set a new password in Cast+ Kit ?
How does Card Ability work ?
Am I allowed to issue advertising invoices if I do n't have the necessary credentials ?
Should I expect an OAID reset to take effect on all of my devices ?
I would like to manage level 2 accounts and I have a level 1 operation account . How am I able to do that ?
Does HuaweI Ability gallery input details from apps ?
For content rating , what do I need to submit ?
What are the ways to resolve error code 502 ?
Are there any payment requirements when releasing an app outside UNK country ?
May developers monetize traffic with HuaweI Ads Kit ?
How can I utilize the AppGallery badge ?
When should I be able to make a signing certificate change ?
Does HuaweI help APK extension accounts supported by Google Play Store ?
What happens if you try to use the functions provided by HuaweI UNK Kit without signing in using a HuaweI ID ?
For the documents submitted , what should I do ?
Could you read the user data of the HuaweI Health app on a locked screen ?
Can I use a credit card to top up a paid promotion account ?
Can a user use a free subscription for a period of time ?
Is it required for the names of the bank account used and verified company name be the same when adding money to the promotion account ?
Are there any requirements in calling obtainOwnedPurchases API ?
Can I get the information on JSON file update policy ?
What caused the query results not to match what has been written , after writing multiple data with overlapping time intervals ?
Google Play downloaded HMS Core ( APK ) SMS automatic read permission not working
How am I supposed to make the price specified by amount the same as the actual price when the createPurchaseIntentWithPrice API is called for payment ?
Would verification of signature be done on the server ?
Ways to top up .
Shall I be able to choose the services or change the order of the services in HuaweI Assistant ?
Shall I only choose provinces in mainland China when I sign in to https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/ for identity verification ?
What do you UNK by Quick App Scenarios ?
Could several devices debug simultaneously using one account ?
Would other apps be suggested by developers ?
How can I make a new ad ?
What to do when merchant authentication fails on HuaweI console and I need to contact the merchant representative ?
A display message is asking me to download the APK when I use the HMS SDK to access HuaweI account kit on a mobile phone without hms core ( APK ) . How am I able to make my app support sign - in with HuaweI ID even without downloading the APK ?
Is there a difference between the getVirtualDevicesList API and the startDiscovery API ?
What distinctions are there between ID Token - based integration and Authorization Code - based integration ?
Are there AppGallery Review Guidelines ?
What is the role of Quick App Scenarios ?
How are themes uploaded ?
How would I view and export reports of revenue ?
Using a HuaweI ID , what differences will there be between to sign in to a non - game app and to sign in to a game app ?
Would I be able to top up my paid promotion account with credit card ?
What am I supposed to do if the application for integrating DTM SDK 4.0.0.300 is rejected ?
Where can I find stability test error messages ?
What are the directions in setting up a HuaweI Developer account ?
Why are n't the real - time heart rate data and RRI data on a continuous scale ?
Would I be able to issue only one invoice for various settlement sheets ?
Would I be able to have the public payment key be exposed on the app ?
How may I get help in paid themes ?
How can I set font - weight ?
Could tool - based conversion identify APIs on HuaweI Kits ?
How much time should I wait to receive the verification code during HuaweI registration ?
How may themes be updated ?
What are the required versions of HuaweI Identity Kit for mobile phones and software ?
Why did my app fail the review ?
Can a user use a subscription for free for a period of time ?
How do I manage level 2 accounts using my level 1 operation account ?
What is required for a phone in order to use Caas Kit Lite ?
May I check service country / region ?
What do I need UNK for naming an app ?
To integrate with HMS Core , new app names ending with @huawei.com are a requirement .
What does AppTouch do ?
What southbound devices are compatible ?
Can getDeviceList produce no results ?
May we use the merchant service if the identity verification 's location is different from the company 's ?
If error code 907135702 appears when connecting to HMS Core , what could I do next ?
What is the purpose of quick app IDE ?
Why ca n't I find the location of the HMS menu on the Android Studio menu ?
What are the ways to add app and unit ?
Does it take long for an ability to integrate to HUAWEI Ability Gallery ?
What happened to get Rejection : Lack of Disclaimer , Copyright Certificate or Computer Software Copyright Registration Document ?
Where may I access HuaweI ability gallery from the console ?
When does the OAID value of a device change ?
Is DevEco IDE free ? I seek to get it .
UNK to integrate HuaweI Cast+ Kit . What are the format requirements for APKs ?
What is the maximum payment amount in HuaweI IAP ?
Do joint operation apps need to end with .huawei ?
Can you launch HuaweI Themes ?
When I store a file in Drive , is it encrypted ?
May an individual developer activate the payment service ?
It is understood that new app names ( ending with @huawei.com ) are necessary for the integration with HMS Core .
What sort of developer environments that support API ?
Why do the query results and what is written not match , even after writing multiple data with overlapping time intervals ?
Do I need to have a disclaimer if I have to distribute apps in Mainland China ?
What does Cloud Debugging do ?
Can you explain what HuaweI HiAI Mobile Computing Platform is ?
How to make a new ad ?
What do I do if I will use my own AI model ?
Can I manage a client account using my level 1 operation account ?
Would I be able to change the classification after the app / game is released ?
How to change the sign in account ?
How should I know the languages supported by HMS SDK .
Where could I get the operations report about the quick app since its release ?
Right after creating version successfully on Cloud Hosting , the version is unchanged .
Means to integrate the Share Kit . What are the format requirements for APKs ?
Using my level 1 operation account , can I manage funds ?
Why was my app not able to pass the review ?
How should I view the version of HMS Core ( APK ) ?
How do I UNK UNK My Smartphone UNK the NPU ?
I do n't have my own AI model , how may I leverage HuaweI device ’s AI capabilities ?
How may I use merchant service ?
Would the DV kit be used at the same time by multiple apps ?
I have questions about the CameraKit modes .
Can I get a member account ?
How do I turn on a team account ?
Reasons why API is not usable .
How would I get HuaweI Themes Tool ?
How can I fix " HiHealthError . ERR_SCOPE_EXCEPTION " ?
Is consistency with the app icons , screenshots , names , versions , features , and other app information necessary with the audited app information ?
Can there be any restrictions on the release of security - related apps outside China ?
How do I establish joint operations ?
Is there a way of UNK how a rewarded video works ?
What is HuaweI Media Service Usage Agreement ?
Could I transfer apps to another developer account ?
Can HuaweI AppTouch have its security measures listed ?
Ways for integrating the HUAWEI Ads SDK ?
Why am I not seeing the HMS menu on the Android Studio menu ?
How could I find out whether a product supports certain capabilities ?
Fix error 50005
My HuaweI device 's screen becomes black and I can not use it . What should I do to resolve this ?
Could HuaweI HiHealth be introduced ?
What should I do if I want to change my signing certificate during game version update ?
Shall a user log in to my app using a HuaweI ID ? may other accounts be used ?
What should I be able to find out from the number of times that a quick app report is opened in HuaweI Developer ?
Why is develop console not letting me add more screenshots ?
Is it limited to get high - precision locations ?
Can you transfer an app from one account to another ?
What is HuaweI Watch Face Design Specification ?
How can the name of an app be changed ?
Do the cache files of a quick app have a size limitation ?
How am I supposed to choose a tax qualification ?
What can I do if a message indicating failure to connect to the server is displayed when I look at achievements , leaderboards , or saved games in HuaweI Assistant ?
How could I auto download AppGallery Connect configuration file to a project directory using HMS ToolKit ?
Shall I get a member account ?
When entering merchant information , what do I need to be aware of ?
How to get SDK and Shell Tools ?
What should HuaweI Cloud Testing do ?
Why is it only provinces in Mainland China is displaying when I sign in to https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/ for identity verification ?
What is the process of changing the sign in account ?
Why am I seeing the error code 502 ?
What information am I capable of having about DevEco IDE ?
Could I update my app if its APK signature is modified ?
How can I enter HUAWEI HiAI ?
How should I deal with error 50005 ?
What should I do to change the sign in account ?
I 'm looking to use registerOneHop ( ) before invoking other APIs .
Can an online game package have the same name as a quick game package ?
When to depend on merchant service ?
What information is necessary when applying for paid promotion tests for apps / games ?
I do n't have my own AI model but I want to leverage HuaweI device 's AI capabilities . Can I do that ?
What can a business do to UNK with Huawei ?
What are the meanings of status codes 10010 , 10011 , and 10012 when a function is called ?
How long will we have to wait for the settlement sheet to be issued ?
Can I modify the disclaimer for an app to be released in Mainland China ?
For how long is the permission code obtained using the account.authorize ( ) API valid ?
When the server error code 402 shows and the data reporting fails , what may I do ?
Can a HuaweI personal Developer account be updated into an enterprise account with the same contact information ?
I always get an empty response body when calling the read method of DataManager or DataController . What should I do ?
Would several apps use the DV kit simultaneously ?
Do I need to have a privacy statement ? How should I prepare and release the privacy statement ?
What is defined by the JSON file update policy ?
Define HuaweI Media Service Usage Agreement .
After a game is started , would the init API be called for initialization ?
When should I UNK the SDK ?
An error message is showing when a user uses a bank card to pay for a transaction on the client , and it says that the transaction is rejected and the user needs to try again later . Why is this error happening ?
Ways to establish my merchant service .
Would getDeviceList produce no results ?
How can my identity be UNK ?
Would the merchant service be enabled if the location of identity verification is not the same as the location of the company ’s ?
Are user comments and rating query supported by AppGallery Connect for more than 30 days ?
How do Token - based integration and Authorization Code - based integration differ from each other ?
I need to learn how to get paid for my developer services .
How much time for debugging do I have with Cloud Debugging ?
Why ca n't ConfirmRecvFile receive files ?
Will I have to pay anything when I release an app ?
Which development languages can I use currently ? Is there any plan to support React Native ?
What if I do n't receive the verification code during HuaweI ID registration ?
What are quick apps ?
Where would I be able to send the report when I sign in to HuaweI Developer and a dialog box indicates that I should perform security evaluation and asked to submit a report ?
Please explain JSON file update policy .
What are the reasons for receiving error code 502 ?
Is there any payment needed in order to release an app ?
Unable to access the hosted static page while version in Released state on Cloud Hosting was returned . What should I do ?
How can I get SDK and Shell Tools ?
How can I verify my identity when I do n't have the phone number of the region that I selected ?
I do n't have my own AI model . What are the steps I can take to leverage HuaweI device 's AI capabilities ?
How am I supposed to adapt my AI model to the accepted HiAI model format ?
What purpose does Content Ability serve ?
How may I release Quick Game ?
What should HuaweI EMUI theme cooperation do ?
What situations are there before and after the release of an app ?
Is there a means to help developers using HuaweI AppGallery improve the ranking of their apps ?
I am having a problem with my HuaweI device . Its screen becomes black and I can not use it . How can I solve this problem ?
Should a quick game package 's name be the same as an online game package 's name ?
I have a level 1 operation account . How would I be able to manage level 2 accounts ?
How can we use the merchant service if the identity verification 's location is different from the company 's ?
When carrying out a payment service , what measures are to be taken in UNK ?
I 'd like to switch languages in IDE . How do I do that ?
I need to learn how to fix " HiHealthError . ERR_SCOPE_EXCEPTION " ?
How do I view my device 's basic information while Settings is shielded for the Cloud Debugging ?
Should I be able to test an ability that is being reviewed ?
Can I separately set the version number of the UNK app and the version number of the card engine ?
What are the restrictions on taking high - precision locations ?
I need to transform dp and sp into px .
How do I know if the DMSDP virtualization service has any input requirements ?
How would I bypass the package name exists / Is duplicate message if I uploaded the same app from more than one account ?
How to UNK out access_token and refresh_token full length ?
What is the use of NFC ?
